And we're specifically going to discuss how to become an ML engineer. Hello, everyone. My name is Luke. I'm a software engineer at Exponent. I'm joined today by Nico Thibault, Senior Machine Learning Engineer at Hired. Nico, can you tell me a bit about yourself and Hired? Absolutely. Hello, Luke. I'm in the machine learning team at Hired. I've been there for three
years. And Hyerbs, in a nutshell, is the largest AI-driven marketplace that matches tech talent with the world's most innovative companies. Our platform combines intelligent job matching with unbiased career counseling to find a job that candidates love. The best part is that it's free for job seekers. So how have you seen AI and machine learning as a career path evolve over the years. And what do you think is fueling that growth?
Well, we have seen it evolving quite a bit with the rest of the team. It sure has evolved. And it keeps evolving, actually. The job changes every day. We are seeing a lot of practitioners who are shifting from pure data science to machine learning. I would say it's the biggest trend that we are seeing right now. The industry is becoming more mature. Deployments to production have become more frequent. ROI is found more often as well.
And so the job is changing every day because of that. As someone who took their last machine learning course in college and haven't done a lot of machine learning since, what kind of educational background, technical knowledge, soft skills are acquired to become a machine learning engineer? Well, luckily, in machine learning, you can see success with different backgrounds. We value a lot diversity in a team and we tend to have different people and to combine strengths.
as well as possible. And because it's still a fairly new job, it's been around for a while, but it still feels new. We're seeing people from different backgrounds where you need solid foundations in math and in computer science usually. But beyond that, you need also skills in statistical modeling, understanding probabilities and stats, software development. You need to develop a sense for business.
to become a data analyst every now and then. You need to learn about DevOps, which is a new trend. You get to learn how to deploy your model to production smoothly. So nobody ticks all of the boxes for sure. So it's useful to try to know the basics of all those things that are required and then specialize in one or two areas. - Are there specific degrees that a company would be looking for when hiring for these positions? Thank you.
Probably the first bias is to look for machine learning degrees, which are fairly new. But now it's been a couple of years since colleges and boot camps started offering purely machine learning degrees. But there's few of those people. Their supply does not match the demand. And so we're also seeing people from quantitative fields like myself. I have a PhD in physics. We are seeing people from math. We are seeing people from computer
science, different domains, software engineers, notably, they transition very well into machine learning. So it is still very open, I would say. How can you pivot from different fields of engineering and what role is the easiest to pivot from? Well, again, it's pretty open, I would say, but folks who see a lot of success are traditional software engineers who still remember a bit of math or can reactivate this knowledge from their college years.
And if you have some experience with the craft of software engineering, because it takes years to develop that, it's extremely valuable and extremely useful in machine learning as well. And more and more machine learning engineer practitioners, they tend to develop software development skills as time goes by, even more so than pure machine learning or static skills. I would say if you're a software engineer, the transition can be pretty smooth. That makes sense. So I would have
I assume that some who go into machine learning coming from purely academia might not have a background in kind of developing software applications the way that someone who has spent the last few years in industry and writing code for a living might. Absolutely. Now that someone has built the right skills, how can they find machine learning engineering jobs? Well, there's many ways to do that. So, of course, there's several
platforms where you can apply, you can submit your resume. One of them on which you can find a lot of success is Hired. On Hired, you can mention what you're looking for up front, your desires, you have a wish list, you can mention your expected salary and companies reach out to you within a couple of days. So it's probably one of the most efficient ways to find a job once your confidential
enough to apply for one. Great. What do these machine learning interviews usually look like? It's fairly standard, I would say. It resembles to a certain extent software engineer interviews. It typically starts with one or two technical interviews, sometimes a take-home test, and then down the line after the second or third technical interview, you might have a less technical interview with someone from project, someone from the revenue side,
And at the end of that, there's usually an interview with the hiring manager. And I would say that the technical interviews are broken down into more algorithms, software development on one side, and then pure machine learning that can involve sometimes math directly on a whiteboard on the other side. I'm curious to hear what do you see as the biggest career growth opportunities in the machine learning AI space? Well, the field
is as vibrant as ever and there's so many possibilities these days. On the modeling side, I think that natural language processing dealing with textual data is still booming. We are at the beginning of a revolution called the Transformers revolution. It's a new family of models that are being very efficient at understanding language. Now you might have heard of GPT-3 and the very impressive capabilities of this model. This is in terms of
pure modeling. I would say investing in natural language processing is probably a good call. Then in terms of machine learning deployment and how to deploy these machine learning models, MLOps is growing. MLOps is this field at the intersection of DevOps and machine learning, and we see MLOps positions becoming the norm in several companies. Then in addition to that, you can be a generalist. You can totally be a generalist because
machine learning is applied to so many different fields that learning the basics, the foundations of machine learning and software engineering and honing that is a very good idea because the skills that you learn are going to be highly transferable from one context or one industry to another one. I'm curious, once you're in a machine learning engineering job, what do you consider as the important skills to continue developing as you progress through your career? Yeah, it's a good Great question.
a pretty difficult one in general. I would say that it is a good idea to not invest too much in one specific technology that can be very appealing. It is good to always keep learning because the field is evolving so fast and to keep learning the foundations, the new modeling techniques, the new technologies, but not stick to one, keep an open mind and be versatile as much as possible. Thanks so much, Nico.
we have time for today. I learned a lot about the state of machine learning hiring and what it takes to be a machine learning engineer. I know on the exponent side, I would highly recommend for people to check out our machine learning course, which is going to be linked in the description of the video. Nico, what's the best way for someone to break into the field using Hired? Well, I would say just prepare your resume, apply to hire, it takes a couple
minutes and then you're live on the platform and you start talking to companies then the next step is to prepare for your interviews great well thanks a bunch nico thanks so much for watching don't forget to hit the like and subscribe buttons below to let us know that this video is valuable for you and of course check out hundreds more videos just like this at try exponent.com thanks for watching and good luck on your upcoming interview
Thank you.
