My name is Eason Chan and I am a singer, actor, mainly a singer. Music is, I mean, getting out of bed in the morning or going to sleep, I need music. Without music, I don't think, well, I don't think there's no music ever. Music is, it gives me a lot of, well, it gives life to me, actually. Yeah, that's what music is. Passion sounds like a great word. Passion is, I think it's inborn, I think as a human being. Of course we have the downsides sometimes, but you see, that's passion. People, they don't want to go, you know, the musicians. Passion is something we need to ponder on in life, definitely. I think at a very young age I discovered the passion for music. I think everybody needs, everybody loves music. I don't believe, I can't believe anyone who doesn't like music. There is no, no, there's absolutely no music I dislike. I like rock music. Actually, I do like rock music. I like, do I have to name the band? I just saw, I like Fusion, actually. Like, lately I just saw the Gorillaz show in Hong Kong, the Plastic Beach tour. And they're great. It's just a mixture of the woodwind with the strings and chamber music and also the East African music with great visuals and a British rock band. And I like mixtures, I like Fusion, I like everything. Miles Davis, I like Madonna, I like Bowie, I like U2, everything basically. Jimi Hendrix, Lenny Kravitz, I don't know. Jamiroquai, Incognito. I could go on, I'm sorry. I think the ice moment for music is the ice moment for life. You know, we get stuck at some point. I think everyone does get stuck in life when you have too much work. And that time, you just, well, my work is very much related to music. So when I'm stuck, I just go for a holiday. Just get away, hide away, you know, go to Koh Samui. Or even stay home, read a book. Just think about nothing. Yeah, disconnect, just isolate yourself for a little bit. And then you'll get back to life again. Wow. At this moment, well, there's so many options. But at this moment, I can think of The Beatles in my life. I don't think I could be a policeman or fireman. I try studying architect. But I don't know. I mean, I've been in this business for 15 years. It was a career. So I don't think I know any other capabilities. I don't know anything else apart from, well, I guess I could do social work. You know, help out the society maybe, you know. Because I like talking a lot. So I guess I could be a social worker and, you know, try to talk someone out of, you know, if they're thinking the wrong way, like trying to end themselves or something, you know. Hey, no, life is good. It's beautiful. I'll sing you a song. Synthesizers? It's funny, because when I was very young, I used to share my cantopop idol singers. There's this guy called Jackie Chung. And I don't know why, my doormates, every time I play the music, he'll put a CD in the CD player, and he goes, You can tell it's a Cantonese song. I think the cantopop is like the synthesizers they use. I think it's the arrangement. The chord progressions kind of repeat themselves, you know. This is something I think it's... It's because I'm very nosy. I like to listen to all sorts of different music, even thrash music. You know, that kind of stuff. Metal, whatever, you know. Trying to... Since I'm kind of a little bit of influential... Influentiality? No, whatever. Influence? Influence on the greater China region. I'm trying to just try different genres of music, rather than just the synthesizers, you know. That's what I've been told when I was young. All my schoolmates would go, Oh no, that's a chinky song. I go, yeah, whatever. I like it, so. Sort of. Messi, oh yeah, I love him. Yeah, he's the best player. How do I think I'm connected to him? Well, I love football, because Hong Kong, at primary school level, we play football. Well, you call it soccer. It's one of the main sports. And, of course, I'm a big fan of football. Well, soccer, same thing. And Messi, I think he has passion. You can tell. I mean, he's got a quick mind. He's smart. And it's very entertaining watching him play, because he's passionately enjoying himself on the pitch, on the football pitch. Yeah, I think it's like me enjoying myself on stage. Well, sometimes it gets a little bit over the top, but, you know. I'm not too familiar with basketball players. I only know they're tall. Oh, of course. Becks, come on. Yeah. Well, I wish I had his body. And I think a lot of kids look up to him. If you've seen him play when he was young at the club, or as an English player, until now, he is... I don't know, some people are just born with a lot of influence to other people. And I think he's doing a lot of good. And he's had his bad times, you know. Getting a red card at the World Cup, the fuse went off, that kind of stuff. But they're good examples. He's just human. And he's definitely got passion to life, not just football himself. And he's contributing back. He's got this football school and everything, to encourage the sport and the spirit, the good spirit. I think I've seen that name. I don't know if I've heard his music. I'm sure he's pretty good. Li Bingbing? The actress? Yeah, of course. She's in a lot of good movies, and she can definitely act very well as an actor. I wish I could work with her pretty soon. Hi, Li Bingbing. I hope I can work with you. That was Mandarin. I hope I can work with her.