♪ ♪ Cambodia is a country of 17 million people, with its historical roots traceable to the ancient Khmer Empire. The empire at its peak encompassed vast swathes of mainland Southeast Asia, and indeed, its crown jewel, the Angkor Wat, remains one of the most popular tourism attractions in the region today. ♪ The past 70 years have not been easy on Cambodia. Indeed, ethnic strife, abhorrent political violence, and extensive elite infighting have left their scars across most of this country. And yet, for ordinary Cambodians, the royalty has indeed served as a critical pillar of stability and hope amidst upheaval and turmoil. ♪ Today, Cambodia stands as amongst the fastest-growing economies in Asia. Between 1995 and 2019, Cambodia clocked in an average annual growth rate of 7.6%, testament to its advantages in terms of the young and abundant labor, cheap wages, proximate access to critical raw materials, and of course, its enduring strength in terms of the pro-free market policies adopted by the government. And yet, amidst intensifying geopolitical rivalry, as well as realignment of supply chains in the region, how will Cambodia fare for the coming years? Well, answering that question is what brings us to Phnom Penh today. ♪ Dr. Soxhapana is the senior minister in charge of special missions and chairman of the Trade Policy Advisory Board of the Royal Government of Cambodia. He is a seasoned diplomat, lawyer, academic, and public servant with significant experience navigating ASEAN and shaping Cambodia's policies in multilateral institutions. Hello, Dr. Soxhapana. Thank you so much for your time. It's lovely to be using geopolitics and economics to my students, but also, you know, this is a collaboration. Thank you so much for your time, Dr. Soxhapana. It's such a pleasure to be here in this gorgeous room, as well, to spend time with you. I want to just start off with a question on trade. You've led many a high-level delegation to some of the most prominent international conferences on trade. WTO, UNCTAD, World Economic Forum, and many of these you've conversed with the leaders and the heads of over the past couple of years, really. So, from their perspective, what do you see as the elements of the Cambodian economy and trade that get them most excited? And what do they see as the sort of relative impediments or obstacles they would like to see overcome in order for Cambodia to be further integrated into global trade? Well, I will have to go back some 20-plus years when I negotiated the accession of Cambodia to WTO. I would think the overwhelming effect of trade was felt at that time because WTO is the game-changer for Cambodia. After emerging from the civil war, basically Cambodia didn't have anything. We didn't have the resource, we didn't have the capital, we didn't have the intellectual dimension of our people. Most of our people perished during the killing field. So we pretty much start from empty hand. And it was WTO that really enabled us to really kick-start our trade process. And with WTO, all these benefits that arise from accession, we've been able to really sustain about, up to COVID time, 20 years of economic growth. Steady 7%, 6-7%, steady for two decades. Fast forward 20 years later now, the situation is quite different. We are dealing with a world full of uncertainty. The U.S.-China tension, the war in Ukraine, and recently in the Middle East. So I think the situation is not the same as 20-some years ago. There's a lot of challenge on the liberal order, a lot of challenge on democracy. So I would say Cambodia will have to navigate throughout the next couple of years or even decades through this particular moment where, I would say, not everything is straightforward. And then you have other emerging issues. Climate change issue, carbon offset, FinTech. E-commerce, for that matter, even. Even e-commerce. 20 years ago, what e-commerce? Of course, Cambodia is a small country. So we're more flexible. We're more nimble. We can adjust quite fast. We don't have a massive population to go through a bureaucracy till we reach a point that we have to make a policy decision. We're a small country. Now we have a young government prime minister who's 46 years old, a PhD in economy. So, I mean, he understands all these dynamics. So I was just wondering, given that China is your largest trading partner, followed subsequently by Vietnam, U.S., Thailand, and then Japan, how will Cambodia be positioning itself for the coming 10 years in relation to China and the U.S.? Do you see it as possible for Cambodia to remain balanced and hedged given the present dynamics? I would say the philosophy of Cambodia is very simple. We need friends. One enemy is one enemy too much. We need friends. And if we look at our trade composition, most of our trade, garment, footwear, travel bag, go to America, go to Europe. Most of our agricultural product go to China. So I would say there's a place under the sun for everybody. So in this case, for Cambodia, there's a place under the sun for our various product and export goods, right? We will continue to look at the U.S. in terms of our travel bag, our footwear, our garment. Because let's say 40% of our export go to the U.S., even though some we do pay duties, but it's okay. The industry is doing quite well. So the EU, yes, it is there. Now the U.K. is outside Brexit. They give us some very good trade preference under developing country preferential trading scheme. We're doing well, right? And I would say up to three years ago when, you know, the EU tried to remove trade preference under the EBA, that's when we, because at that time there's some, you know, their main issue is with some human right issue. But we say, look, we cannot trade sovereignty with trade preference. That's not something that we trade. But that was a time that's when we realized that we have to diversify. And China, for that matter, came to our rescue, to be fair, to be fair. China came and we and China were the first Cambodia-China free trade agreement we negotiated. And we did it. And from there on, other free trade agreement followed with Korea, with the United Arab Emirates. But the good thing now, the good thing is that we have ASEP. ASEP historically, I think it was, I would say it's a coincidence that ASEP negotiation was launched during Cambodia chairmanship of ASEAN 2012. And it concluded 10 years later when all the member countries ratified, of course minus India. It was ratified and turned to force 10 years later when we had the third ASEAN chairmanship. So ASEP is the second wave. ASEP is second wave. WTO is first wave. ASEP is the second wave. For us, we see opportunity arising from market access open under ASEP. At the end of the day, you know, we have a very good relation with all country. Of course the narrative is sometimes a bit hard on us, you know, because of the U.S.-China tension. There are some people who are favoring, you know, certain side. And they push the narrative. But we're okay. We're okay. We manage all right. We manage all right. One thing that you said just then I picked up on, I found fascinating, is you said you will not trade off sovereignty for trade preferences. And I find that fascinating because very often when we see international discourses or discussions over Cambodia, it bemuses and baffles me to see how much of the potential and the value in this country is overlooked by commentators when they choose to pick and choose certain elements that they focus on or they amplify, whether it be in terms of their values or contravention of principles they hold dear in the West or in other parts of the world. And as someone who is so prominent in the trade negotiation process and representing Cambodia really as an international spokesperson in many ways, how have you sought to convince skeptics, maybe not those who are inherently predisposed against Cambodia, but just skeptics and folks who know not so much about this country or know not as much as they should, right, about this country, how do you go about persuading them to see the values, the merit, and also the virtues of the Cambodian state and economy? Is it challenging? Is it tough? I think the one thing that helped me is that I'm not much of a diplomat. I'm not much of a diplomat. I'm more a free thinker. I'm an academic. I'm a private sector. Occasionally I'm a diplomat. So it's that versatility that enabled me to push my narrative as well, my counter-narrative as well. Of course I wouldn't push in front of 100 people on a microphone. There are certain things as a good diplomat you do not want to cross the line. But a good coffee, a good lunch, have a frank talk, a straight talk, you cut the hypocrisy out. And you have to say that with many, most of them, when you have this private talk, they do accept your argument. They do know that there's a lot of hypocrisy in there. And they would, if you're honest, if you're straightforward, if you're hard enough on your position, on your principle, they will have to accept it. But you've got to find the right moment, the right time, the right place to pass your message. And they will respect you for that. In face of that then, are you concerned about the pace of globalisation? Are we moving backwards? Are we witnessing a regression in globalisation that renders this pursuit of free trade, 1.0 WTO, 2.0 RCEP, kind of obsolete? You remember when Cambodia, in the peace process in 1993, when we have a peace, there was a Washington consensus in our peace accord that we signed. The West, to be fair, to be fair to the West, the West won Cambodia as a post-war genocide country to use democracy and the liberal order, free market, to rebuild a post-war devastated economy to be a well-to-do, prosperous country. Which was great. Which was great. But I would look at other countries. It's not the case. I mean, look at Europe now. I mean, there are so many losers from the globalisation process. They're the winners. I probably shouldn't use the word globalisation, I should use the word re-globalisation, 2.0. Now we are rethinking. I don't think we are de-globalised, I don't think so. The world is too connected. So I think re-globalisation is a better word. We still do business together. But all in all, I would say, you know, we have to really think, how are we going to bring a more equitable source of wealth to people, whether the rich or the poor. So I was just wondering, Dr Sapan, are you worried about folks, you know, also losing out from this re-globalisation wave here in Cambodia? And on that front, what exactly can be done to help them transition and acclimatise to the challenges that lie ahead? A normal country would probably, if Cambodia is a normal country, didn't have the war, didn't have genocide, didn't have all this negative history, I should be worried. The case of Cambodia is very unique. Because we went through the genocide, we lost everything. And when we have the peace process, we start from scratch. We start from zero base. We didn't have anything to protect, we didn't have any history, we didn't have money, we didn't have savings, we didn't have knowledge. We got nothing. So in that sense, we are used to, our pain threshold is very high. 30 years fast forward from the peace process, we are where we are now. A prosperous nation. And the beauty is that for the last 20 years, most of the Cambodian parents, those who can afford to send their kids to a good school, they send their kids to a good school. If they could send them to Australia, they send them to Australia, or Singapore, whatever. For the last 15 or 20 years, we have sent our kids to study abroad. Most of them are back now, with a Master, with a PhD, with a Bachelor, they're back in Cambodia now. They're helping their parents who are mom and pop, trade 20 years ago. So we have a young population, well educated now, speak good English, and they're there now helping their parents move up the quality of the business side. We are reaching out to build a capacity of the association, of the industry, of the sector, how to be a better, a more competitive business. So that's what we're going through now. The current government objective is to help build a capacity of our, in this case, for example, our cashew nut. Because, look, we have about 700,000 metric tons of cashew nut now. We're number two after Cote d'Ivoire, okay? Cote d'Ivoire number one. We are exporting 95% to Vietnam. 95%. So we're only processing about 5%. We focus now on processing. You know, cashew nut, how can we establish a cashew industrial park? Our private sector are now in position to step in. So I'm not too worried about that, yeah. Because the environment is very different, yeah. Dr. Sepana, you've had an incredible career. I want to ask you, given the hardships that your country's endured and experienced, but also your own personal hardships and predicaments, how have you sought to navigate these times of lows, these sort of difficult moments in your life? What are your tips or reflections on endurance and perseverance? I think when you survive the killing fear, as I said earlier, is that your pain threshold is so high, everything is like a walk in the park. So that's how I see it. If you have a bad day, well, you have a good night's sleep. And the next day will be a better day. And how I navigate in the post-killing fear period was all about benchmarking that pain. So I have a rough day. Nobody is going to kill me tonight, so, oh, good, I feel better. I have a long discussion, hard, tough negotiation with the counterpart. Well, you know, it couldn't be as bad as the killing fear. So I would say in relative terms, it's that pain threshold that sort of keeps me zen, keeps me very zen. I look at that life is what you make it. You can allow your emotion to carry you away, or you can control, you know, so that you can remain as zen as possible. You cannot describe that, the difficulty, the pain, the misery, the hardship. So that's how I benchmark. In a piece, through benchmarking, through putting into perspective, you know, one's experiences. Everything is relative. Everything is relative. Everything is relative, yeah. Now, I want to move on to actually the question of cultural relativism and value pluralism as well, seeing as you mentioned relative. You founded the Asian Vision Institute, which is a very prominent leading think tank in the region, and a core part of its mission is to promote what you term important dialogues and conversations and infusing them with an Asian perspective. Do you personally believe there are unique Asian values? As a person who went through the killing fear, I have seen the worst what a human can do to others. It's quite clear. But we also have to be mindful that each country, we have our own culture. And you in my country now, I mean, the sense of respect is very high. I'm, you know, when I was a vice minister 25 years ago, I was the youngest in the cabinet. I have to, because of my culture, I have to be very polite. I have to be very courteous to my elder, for example. And I think, you know, you may have a good argument, but if you put it in a wrong perspective or context, your argument will not be bought. So, in a way, that mutual respect is so important. Take, for example, when we finish the war, when we end the war, we have so many landmines. More landmines than people. The world help us. Now, you know what? We become the deminer of the world now. A troop, a UN peacekeeping force, we go demining in other country. A peacekeeping force are out there. We want to give back to society, to the world. Siem Reap, the ecosystem, the cultural thing that we have now, it's a good example on how Cambodia turned a cultural asset to be the economic asset. So, I would say Cambodia is in position to give back a lot to the world now. And on that, you know, what you said there really touched me. As a born and raised Hong Konger, having spent 17 years in my home city, I decided to go back home as well after finishing off my PhD. Of course, it behooves me to ask you a question about Hong Kong, a place for which I feel a very strong sense of affinity. You've been to Hong Kong several times. What can Hong Kong do better to help Cambodia and to work with Cambodia and vice versa, in your opinion? For the last 15 years, the role of Hong Kong is very important for Cambodia in the sense that Hong Kong has a core intellectual, lawyer, accountant, professional, consultant. These are the people at the time when the Berlin Wall was just launched. You know, we look a lot to Hong Kong to serve as a bridge, to serve as a bridge with mainland China. So I think the strength of Hong Kong still remains the same, that you have this high intellectual capacity, you know, in the region. In the region, in Asia, Hong Kong is still considered as a place where a lot of things of high intellectual value are there. It's wonderful to spend time with you today. Thank you very, very much for your generosity and remarks and insights. We really appreciate it. Thank you. As a country, as a people, Cambodia has been through a lot. The past few decades have by no means been easy on this country with extensive suffering and devastation. And yet, if there's one lesson I could draw from my conversation with the wonderful Dr. Sipana, it is that ultimately to recover from trauma and pain requires more than just resilience. It requires courage and creativity. Courage to stay true to whom we truly are. Courage to speak truth to power. And courage to recognize that our past and histories do not define us, even though they do teach us. And at the very same time, creativity is how small and medium powers thrive at times of increasing geopolitical volatility. These are all instrumental parts of Cambodia's inimitable modernization story. Copyright 2019 IFA Productions All rights reserved.