Today we wanted to test if students from our top 3 universities in China could speak fluent English. The results were so unexpected, let's take a look. My name is Alex. Nice to meet you. My name is Pei Xin Zhang. Pei Xin Zhang. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, amazing. So, first question off the bat, was it hard for you to get into Fudan, or was it difficult? Oh, I think it's quite difficult to enter Fudan after high school or graduation because it's very competitive in China today, it's an examination, it's really hard. Exactly. Were your parents super proud and happy? I guess, yeah. It's a surprise for them. Did they do like a celebration? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, with the family and stuff? Yeah, yeah, that's certainly, and we also like invite teachers to show our appreciation for them. It's really common in China. You're high school teachers? Yeah, yeah. High school. Yeah, okay, very good. And what majors did you study? Oh, I started in Spanish, Spanish language and literature. Spanish language? Yeah. Okay, so your Spanish must be very good? Maybe, yeah, I can speak some Spanish. I think I can communicate fluently. Yeah, I can tell you English is amazing as well. How did you learn English growing up? Yeah, I started learning English when I was in primary school, like from seven years old. Yes. Yeah, so I have learned English for about ten years or more. Yeah, okay. What major did you study at Wudan here? I studied business management. Oh, wow, wow, and your English is really good. How did you learn your English growing up? Actually, in China, everyone will try to study English from our primary school. So we need to study English quite great because our major in business was finance, so we need to use English to write some reports. Right. So we need to practice. And did you find any challenges learning English as you were growing up? Yes, of course. My English is not so great now, so I'm trying to visit some, like film or others to improve it. Okay. Do you have any aspirations of studying abroad outside of China? If so, which countries perhaps would you want to go to? Actually, we are in the DIM program, so in this semester, in the summer, after summer, we need to go to Italy for the next masters. Nice. Yes. How long would you be there for? About a year. A year? Wow, amazing. So you're starting to brush up on your Italian as well. Yes, yes, yes. Nice to meet you. I'm Alex. What's your name? You can call me Andrew. Nice to meet you. How did you learn such good English? Well, it's hard to say my English is good. I don't think I'm as fluent as native speakers. But thanks for my parents. They have very good insight and pushed me to start learning English when I was only three years old. I was very regret that my English level is not achieved what they supposed me to achieve. Yeah, I can tell you, your English is already very good. I can already tell. Thank you, thank you. My name is Li Junhong from School of Mathematical Institute. Nice to meet you. Li Junhong. Yes. And you play basketball? Yeah, I'm going to play a game. Oh, sorry, are you late? No, it's half past four. So you have some time still. Because I love basketball as well. Who's your favorite basketball player? Stephen Curry. Stephen Curry. Do you shoot? Are you like him as well? I shoot rather well, but not very good. He's a little bit better than you. Much better. Much better. Obviously, your English is very good. How did you learn your English growing up? Can I just take up my English from my primary school? Exactly, it's not very good. But just kind of, you know, it is enough to communicate. It's enough to communicate. Yeah, yeah. And when you made it to Fudan, when you were admitted to the university, were your parents very proud of you? And were they like celebrating, it was like a big party? Maybe it's not a very big party, but our whole family is very excited and share the good news to each other. And yes, of course, it's a big, big enjoyment. My name's Eva. Eva, nice to meet you. So what school did you go to? I majored in journalism. Journalism? Yeah. Okay, at Fudan, yeah? Yeah, yeah. Was it extremely difficult for you to get into Fudan? Did you study very hard to get in? Yes, I just did my best. Yeah, yeah, okay. And in terms of your parents and your family, were they very happy that you got into Fudan? Yeah, yeah. They are really happy with this. They think Fudan is really a good university in China. When my grades came out, they were really excited. Yes, exactly. I guess your English is quite good. How did you learn English? Was it at school? Mainly, I learned it at school. But I was preparing for IELTS these two months. So, yeah, maybe it's my peak of my English level. Yes, yes. Okay, quite good. How did you learn English? Because your English is very good. That's not very good at practice. So a lot of practicing growing up, is it? Yes, we love to get some chance to practice English. Maybe we have to use it in work. But I think this is still a long way to prove it. I'm Jerry. Jerry? Okay, very cool. So, Jerry, what do you study at Fudan? I'm a PhD student. A PhD student? Yeah. Oh, very good. What's the major in? Business Management. Business Management? Yeah. Okay. How did you learn English growing up in China? My English is not very good. But, yes, I have taken a master's experience in the University of Southampton in the UK. So, perhaps it's a good time for me to talk to the foreigners to say some English. Yeah. But it's not very good, I think. Yeah. How long did you spend in the UK? Just one year. One year? Yeah. Okay, so you did study over there for a little bit. One year already. Yeah. So, where did you study? Right now, it's in Purdue University. Do you know that? Okay. In the US? Purdue? Yeah, yeah, of course I know Purdue. Yeah. Yeah, wow. So, you're from the US? I'm from China, but I'm doing a PhD there. Right. And how did you learn your English growing up? Because your English is really amazing. It's not that amazing, but I'm trying to improve. Yeah. How did you learn? So, basically, after I went to Purdue last year, so I have to be a TA, Teaching Assistant. There is a course to help you to improve your English. Understood. Yeah. The most important thing is try to exercise more and gain some confidence to talk to the foreigners here.