"Computer Science is everywhere – ranging from computer graphics, software engineering, computer systems, to big data and artificial intelligence. All of us encounter computer science and engineering every day. Hello, I am Qiong LUO, the undergraduate program coordinator of CSE; I will elaborate more in this talk. As you see, computer technologies are in every corner of our world, from space travel, ocean exploration, precision agriculture, to digital cities where we live. Furthermore, computer technologies improve our daily lives in many aspects, for example, smart homes, intelligent transportation, personalized medicine, and secure mobile payment. Specifically, at HKUST, our CSE faculty is actively making contributions to society through their research. Just this spring, Prof. Gary CHAN’s team developed a geo-fencing technology used in enforcing home quarantine; Prof. Qifeng CHEN participated in the development of a smart fever screening system, deployed both on campus and at the border control; Prof. Ming LIU invented the first autonomous driving vehicle in Hong Kong, readily helping unmanned goods delivery. Behind these exciting technology developments is our Computer Science and Engineering program. In particular, our CSE department has eight research areas – artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, data and knowledge engineering, human-computer interaction, networking and computer systems, software engineering and programming languages, theoretical computer science, and computer vision and graphics. Our CSE program is special in several ways. In the QS World University Ranking by subject, our CSE program is highly ranked globally as well as in Hong Kong. Part of this high ranking is due to our world-class faculty, leading research in their areas of expertise. Here are a few interesting research projects as examples. Pinpoint is a project led by Prof. Charles ZHANG, aiming at finding bugs in computer programs accurately and efficiently. Prof. Xiaojuan MA and her students’ research is about helping robots understand human facial expressions for better human-computer interaction. Prof. Dit-Yan YEUNG led a team to develop machine learning techniques to analyze the usage data of an e-learning platform for prediction and recommendation. Prof. Andrew HORNER and his students created computer programs that can change existing music pieces into different moods. Two more interesting projects: Robo-lawyer is a chatbot program that takes user input in plain English and generates legal contracts, such as employment contracts, automatically. Prof. Yangqiu SONG and his students developed this program. Finally, Prof. Qian ZHANG and her team invented network security technologies for smart devices, which are widely used in our daily lives and record our private data. Our CSE students have actively participated in various competitions and achieved outstanding results. For example, the CSE Programming Team, comprised of three undergraduate students and supervised by Dr. Qifeng CHEN, won the Championship in the ACM-HK Programming Contest 2022. The competition required the participating teams to solve a set of challenging programming problems within a time limit, and our team defeated the other 16 teams from eight local tertiary institutions. Another example is the Lip Reading project named “Helen” after Helen Keller. It is an accessibility device for AI-based lip reading, developed by two undergraduate students under the supervision of Dr. Brian MAK. The project won a number of awards, including the HKUST President’s Cup 2019 and a Winner at the Present Around The World (PATW) competition in London. Having talked about the achievements of our faculty and undergraduate students, next, I will introduce some details of our program. We offer two majors, Bachelor of Engineering and Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. Additionally, we offer CPEG jointly with the ECE department, DSCT with the School of Science, and RMBI with the Business School. With the Business School, we also offer dual degree programs – COGBM and CPGBM. Last but not least, CSE students can take additional majors, and their degrees will be associated with their first major. Here is an overview of the COMP curriculum. In the first year, students take engineering introductory courses and other non-major courses. In the subsequent years as a COMP major, students take foundation courses as well as area courses. In the last year of study, students do a final year project or an industry co-op program. The main feature of our curriculum is a light-core major to give students greater flexibility to develop their interests through the area courses. They can easily pursue a second major or a minor, and take a wide variety of electives in or outside CSE. We offer a Big Data Technology minor at CSE. Our students also take minors from many other departments such as Business, Math, Chemistry, Physics, Engineering Management, Humanities, and Social Science. More than half of our CSE students participate in overseas exchange programs at leading universities all over the world. For elite students, we not only offer dual degree programs and double majors, but also honors courses and the university’s undergraduate research opportunities program. The job prospects for CSE students are excellent. According to U.S. News, the software developer job is consistently ranked in the very top of the hundred best jobs in the world. The employment survey also shows our CSE graduates are highly popular in the job market. Most of our graduates in the survey started their jobs in the Business and Commerce sector, and the rest in Engineering and Industry, Education, and other sectors. Our graduates have many job options, including both software developer jobs such as app developer, database administrator, network engineer, and other types of jobs, for example, as a bioinformatics specialist, journalist in computer-related publications, and electronic data processing auditor. To prepare our students for their careers, we offer an industrial experience course COMP1991, in which students can either take internships at companies or take industrial training on campus. Some of our academically oriented students go on to further studies at top universities, including Carnegie Mellon University, Columbia, Princeton, Stanford, and others. Here is a recent sample of three of our 2016 COMP graduates: CHAU Wing-In, Stephen LUI, and Alan SHUM. They now work in Japan, Germany, and the USA, all in IT companies. I have presented to you our CSE program, faculty research, and student achievements. All these happenings start on our beautiful and modern campus. We have both indoor and outdoor swimming pools. We also have a new water sports center by the sea. Our spacious library and learning commons, our on-campus Conference Lodge for visitors, and our computer labs offer breathtaking views of the red bird sundial, the sports field, and the buildings on the hills by the sea. You may visit the CSE website to find out more information about our department and undergraduate programs. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. I hope you enjoy this video and have found our programs and research exciting. If you are always passionate about using computers to create innovative technologies and make a difference, I hope to see you soon on our stunning HKUST campus. Thank you!"