Big outflows from CPFOA in 2025, now I'm actually thinking a lot and this is not confirmed yet
that in 2025 there'll be outflows. This again also is not financial advice, I'm just providing
thought leadership and I'm actually sharing with you my thoughts FOC and I'm going to speak from
the heart. Just in case you didn't know, recent news, from 2025 onwards, CPA special car will be
close once you reach age of 55. You may to be employed after the age of 55 and this definitely
impacts you. So not only impacts you, you impacts everybody who is now above already the age of 55.
They will see their special account closed and all monies from there will be moved to the ordinary
account. Anyone from 2025 onwards above the age of 55 will only have 3 accounts, ordinary account
earning 2.5% only, retirement account and med safe account. As mentioned in the previous video,
retirement account that one feeds the CPF life whereby you have no flexibility, your
pump the monies is good, but that one pays you money amounts and the monies are locked up there,
so you've got to be in good terms with that. So in this previous sharing, I also shared that
CPF shielding is gone already, you can check the links above and from that video, I feel like this
comment a lot. Josh, I know that you're trying to be neutral and you don't add fire to oil,
but I feel to see how anyone in Singapore benefits from the abolishment of SA,
toast age 55. Some of them are $10,000, some $100,000 or 1 million SA, they all don't benefit,
which is something that I agree and something you should be aware of also. Now, nobody benefits
from this because we are end users and we actually see an interest rate cut. Government benefits,
because the interest the pay out is less, 2.5% versus 4.08%, but again, this whole discussion is not about
politics and we also often forget that government officials, they also have CPF, so they are also
taking a cut and government's role is actually to allocate resources across society fairly, so
sometimes we win, sometimes we lose, so let's not do too much about political speculation and stuff,
but some people actually mistake this closing or special account as a punishment for shielding,
which I also agree is pretty nonsensical. If government wanted to stop CBF shielding,
simply this allowed movement out of SA, which is also mentioned in this comment. So again,
everybody has special account after age of 85, especially continuously working and we all are
actually seeing this cut in terms of interest rates. So in terms of feeling sorry, let's keep
it as there and move on to today's entire title. Why exactly do I foresee big outflows from CPF
OA for anyone above the HR 55? Now, if you are financially savvy, in today's world,
2.5% guaranteed is peanuts, correct? But don't get me wrong, back in 2019, for example,
2.5% is godsend, government guaranteed somewhere. Back then, fed rates were 1%, thereabout
and in future. Maybe fed rates start to drop again and global interest
plunge back down to the 0-1% and all these discussions moved. But in today's world,
we are in a high interest environment, correct? And we are very likely staying there for a long
while. So as end users, we are faced with this dilemma, 2.5% guaranteed in CBF OA,
or we should move the monies out to find better interest.
Let me ask you this question. When GXS Bank created a high account of high interest rates,
and after they cut the offering, what happened? People moved out monies from the account, correct?
Savvy people are always looking out for better options and governments, 2.5% in CPF OA now really
doesn't make the cut. Because quite simply, if you want to stay, government backed interest rates.
What about Singapore savings bonds SSB? Why not, if you are above the age of 35,
and you only have monies in your OA with 2.5%, why not draw it out and pump it into Singapore
savings bonds? It's liquid, correct? It's government backed, correct? You can still take it out almost
any time, correct? Why in the world would you keep 2.5% in OA, then choose against this Singapore
savings bonds? Yes, Singapore savings bonds has a cap, 200,000. It's DIY also, so it's not so,
you need to go online and buy. And that's why I also understand that most people are lazy,
yeah, just extra 2.5%, move your move there. Some who are acitve will do it, some were just lazy,
which I think most people are, they were just not bothered. That's why I believe Singapore savings
bonds is not likely going to be the biggest beneficiary of this whole entire change.
Who would it be? You can take a guess. Let me share with you, it's none than banks.
Banks, correct? Banks. Let me show you some offers to tempt you if you are above the age of 55,
let's simulate next year, have some mental fun with it. Let me show you this by OCBC premier banking.
Look at this, if you pak monies with us, we give you base interest 1.05%, and then if you
don't make withdrawals, you continuously add in, according to terms and conditions,
2000 per month, we will give you 3.7% interest, 3.7% interest, more than 2.5% interest, correct?
What would the pitch be? Hey, Mr. Miss, pump in big amounts here, and then every month,
use 2000 from your CPFOA, you draw out and you pump back in. We meet the terms and conditions,
and you earn 3.7%, and not just that, every time when you come to our branch, I'll give you free
coffee, and I'll give you a priority. I'm a bad redrawer for us. Cannot close it.
I bet bankers would be selling this levera and center, correct? What about city gold?
No, I'm not representing any bank, I'm just pulling up some examples that I hear from private
clients because I don't pack monies in banks. Bankers don't call me, I learn this from private
clients that I work with. How about this by city gold? Hey, Mr. Miss, you pump your money into your
safety in CPFOA, you pump in and I design a strategy for you. You pump in 250,000 fresh funds,
you today will get an $880 reward. As a transitra, there are some other fruits which I also don't
understand. $880 is unbound from us, but on hand there. And if you got 500,000, you're high income
owner, you save long in CPFOA, if you draw it off 500,000 gem in, I give you 1,750 as a fresh fund
rewards. Don't need to do anything, fresh fund rewards just for trusting our bank. Fantastic,
correct? And I'll teach you, if you spend and earn 1.5%, you get it. Save and earn, just move 3000
per month again from your CPFOA, we'll just design a strategy. Draw up, pump in, drop, pump in,
you meet the terms and conditions. Total account interest rates 3% without doing any other things
such as borrowing from us and investing with us, if you don't like. So easy to sell, correct?
You see what will happen? Banks will suck out a lot of CPFOA funds simply by thinking of a
creative and good pitch, which actually benefits the customer. So it's not like there's something
wrong with it, it's not, it's just a superior alternative. And banks will be the ones that's
proactively pushing for this change, in my opinion, when I foresee what's going to happen in 2025.
Again, that's not financial advice, nothing is confirmed, but again, you see that there's a lot
of logic. Your next question may be, "Hey Josh, I do have so much CBFOA. Bankers won't call me like
you." But hey, some of them will still call the retail side, correct? And let me show you some
potential offers from fixed deposits. Hey, Mr. So-and-so, Mr. So-and-so, why not draw your
CPFOA after age of 85 view, park it with us. I'll give you free .... You see what here?
Many banks can provide 3.5, 3.35%. So many different kinds of offers that you can get,
rather than idling your money in 2.5% CPFOA. Why would anyone in the right front of my
continue to keep 2.5% once they reach this phone call from a banker? Agree? Smash the like button
as always, because I'm sharing this totally issue with you early, so that you're well prepared when
the time comes in 2025. And just in case you're young, you're not going to be reached there soon,
you have parents, you have uncles aunties. They are going to receive these pictures or
face with this dilemma, so do share this video with them. And as always, smash the subscribe,
you like quality content like this that helps you understand finance a lot better. Also,
show you different things that I would do as a creator. Why not do a content that's fixed the
ladder? If you have CPFOA's after age of 55, you can buy a lot of fixed deposits here and there.
Buy this buy that, build a ladder that can get you different maturity periods and all getting
above 2.5%. Very easy to do, correct? So the conclusion again is quite easily,
buy buy to CBFOA once you're above the age of 55, and it begs my personal opinion that there
will be likely outflows. I come from the financial services industry. I would like to
urge insurers or so to get their teams to work a lot harder. Insurers, if you can build a product
next year in 2025 suited for those that are above the age of 55, and you can get me 2.5% guarantee.
Some upside also for non-guaranteed returns, because you have equity, allocations in parfines,
you have bond rates are going up, there's a lot of reasons to get a better offer.
I can guarantee you, you can come with such a plan, I can sell millions for you, because again,
it's superior. It's a no-brainer. I'm helping people get more returns.
So do do something, create a par plan, savings plans, annuity plans, retirement plans.
The market potential is just enormous, because the benchmark now is not very high.
And also do add inflexibility, before I forget to mention, insurance plans nowadays are very
dated. They don't have a lot of flexibility in terms of withdrawal options. And interest,
if you don't input enough flexibility to your withdrawal, my selling page should be again,
CPA Life, which is coming from the retirement account. And that one doesn't have flexibility,
but gives 4.08%. So that is a hurdle to cross that needs to be flexibility. But also to mention,
when you put money in RA, the amount you can't see already is going to be monthly cash flow,
you can't surrender out. So get an insurance plan, you can surrender out with certain residual value.
So I'd like to suggest this, if I can create an ideal product. Right now, I do have the critical
mess, maybe one day in future I could. I would design something like this. Hey, a 2.6% guarantee
interest. Don't be too proud of I do 2.6, because just in case some customers have HDB
mortgage loans to pay off at 2.6%. I'd like to create products 2.6% guarantee, and a little bit
of just non-guaranteed upside. Good, right? Better already, and everything else is just upside.
Third, option for regular payout, just in case someone wants a flexible income stream,
have their flexibility designed into their insurance plan. Fourth, of course, have flexibility
in withdrawal. Once someone locks up for 5 years, they can fully withdraw, or can take out 50% at
any time. These are certain good considerations to design a product that is way superior,
that can help a Singaporean, move their CBF OA monies out after the age of 55, and get high returns
outside. Hopefully all this makes sense, in order to end things by answering this question.
Hey Josh, everything makes sense what you mentioned, but why aren't people doing it right now?
Let me answer that also. In current situation with OA and SA, I don't even know this, but if
you are above the age of 55 and you want to withdraw monies out, you have to take it out from SA first. SA
gives you 4.08%. Taking it out is painful, the hurdle rate is high, you're not going to find
fixed deposits at 4.08%. That's right, for anyone with shooting done properly, they will be thinking
it's no point moving my SA out just to access my OA, or much rather, buy OA fixed deposits or
invest OA into T-buse. That's why the situation is a bit different. But now the new rule is from
2025 onwards, SA will close, everything will be much in the OA for summer above the age of 55.
By then, the opportunity cost is just 2.5%. No 4.08% barrier to block their decision-making,
just 2.5% during the stay or do you want to leave? The answer is pretty clear and that's why
today's title. As always, if you enjoyed this smash like button and check out this first episode
I've done on why CPF shooting is dead already. Or if you've seen that, check out this previous
video. If you've done some of my math and see you there, take care always, goodbye.
