Welcome to the HKUST Business School admission video. Today, I'm very excited to introduce to you the undergraduate program offering that we have and also tell you about student life and admission requirements. First, let me introduce myself. My name is Allen Huang. I'm the Associate Dean of Undergraduate Programs in charge of academic affairs, advising, recruitment, admissions, and student development and career services. I've been working at HKUST for more than 10 years, teaching in the undergraduate program in the Accounting department. I've enjoyed my time at HKUST, and I believe you would feel the same if you come.

First, let me share a bit about our graduate placement, which may be a concern to prospective students and your parents. We're pleased to see that our graduates are well-received by top-notch corporates and academic institutions. Most of our graduates took the employment path, while the remaining decided to pursue further studies in Hong Kong or overseas. The majority of our graduates secured their job offers before graduation and had multiple offers in hand. Our recent graduates have been hired by top-notch corporates, as shown on this slide. In these unusual years, our graduates have really made us incredibly proud. The three biggest sectors our graduates started their careers in are (1) Banking and Finance, (2) Administration and Management, and (3) Accounting or Auditing. Others joined various industries such as Marketing and Technology, and so on.

Now, let's take a look at the other path. A small portion of our graduates spend the coming year doing postgraduate study in different disciplines, including Business, Social Sciences, Law, etc., in top universities around the globe. While America and Europe remain the most popular destinations, we see an increasing number of students deciding to stay in Asia for career preparation. One of the reasons for graduates being popular in academia is the reputation of our business faculty and the School. All business faculty obtain their PhD in world-renowned universities. Our relentless global talent acquisition has brought more than 150 faculty members from over 25 nationalities to the Business School. Around one-third of them are from the US, Canada, or Europe, and most of them studied in multiple countries. Their high-quality research output not only benefits students' learning but also keeps the School consistently ranked top across business areas. Combining the high reputation of the University and our graduates’ employability helps build a worldwide academic and professional network for undergraduates.

Let me just give you some examples. We have a joint degree program with the University of Southern California and Bocconi University in Italy. WBB is a unique three-degree undergraduate program called World Bachelor in Business (WBB). WBB students will spend their first year at USC, the second year at HKUST, and the third year at Bocconi. In the final year, they can choose to go to any one of the three universities. After they graduate, students get undergraduate degrees from all three universities. The Business School has a robust exchange network and strives to expand it to benefit our students' learning. Right now, we have close to 140 partners around the world. We have more than 50 partners in North America, more than 50 in Europe, and some of the best schools in Asia and Oceania. These are some photos shared by our students where they were on exchange. You can see that not only do they study and get to learn in some of the very best schools from around the world, but they also really have the chance to immerse themselves in different cultural experiences, visit, and make friends with people around the world. Each year, we send about 400 of our own students and receive 400 exchange-in students, which accounts for about 50% of our undergraduate students. Additionally, around 30% of the students join other study abroad programs such as visiting programs and summer programs. Overall, 80% of business students get the chance to study abroad to enrich their learning experiences.

As a young business school that has done so well within a short time, we cannot do it on our own. We have many partnerships with a wide range of corporations. These are just some examples of the partnerships where we organize competitions and projects. We have guest speakers who come into the classroom to enrich the learning experiences. We have a lot of different collaborations with industry leaders and organize events with different themes. Since 2008, we have partnered with leading organizations in various fields to offer corporate projects to business school students to gain valuable learning experience and build a network by working as consultants. Here are some of our partners in recent years. We strive to build collaboration with corporates in traditional and up-and-coming industries, as students will only learn the most by applying knowledge in the real world. The vast majority of our students in each program complete internships and gain valuable experience before they graduate. It is very common for business students to complete multiple full-time internships to build a professional network and discover their career interests. In fact, a significant portion of our graduates completed two or more full-time internships.

Apart from expanding corporate partnerships, our own dedicated career service team provides professional one-on-one career consultation for students. Every year, over 80 industry talks and dialogues with executives are organized for students. We also have alumni sharing and networking events. Our experienced alumni are invited to be mentors of our students for a whole year. In sum, Business School students get first-hand career information and real-world knowledge. Beyond internships, a wide array of co-curricular activities ranging from community services, cultural events, sports, to business enrichment activities such as business case competitions and start-up support are offered for students to lead a fruitful university life. Business students are empowered to customize their learning experience in four years due to the student-centered and highly flexible curriculum.

In the next few minutes, I will share the most recent updates to our business programs and admission details. We prioritize students' needs when we design the curriculum. Our undergraduate curriculum is a credit-based one. It means that students have the maximum autonomy to decide on a credit load for each term. Synergizing the strengths of other HKUST academic units, four science degree programs are offered to students who wish to pursue cross-disciplinary knowledge. The latest addition is the Bachelor of Science in Sustainable and Green Finance, jointly offered with the Division of Environment and Sustainability. Two kinds of degrees and ten programs are solely offered by the Business School. Most of the students pursue a BBA degree (Bachelor of Business Administration). We also offer a couple of Bachelor of Science degrees that are more quantitatively in nature. We have very comprehensive programs covering all the key business areas. When students join the Business School, they will study University Common Core Courses and spend the first three semesters on Business Core Courses. Business Core Courses ensure students have a broad yet solid foundation across business areas. Students will specialize in their selected business area from the fourth term (Year 2 Spring) onwards. They may also want to use the remaining 120 credits to declare an additional major or minor(s) in non-business areas.

As a forerunner in business education, we spare no effort in introducing new elements that accommodate students' interests to our curriculum. For example, the Extended Major approach is introduced. Students with a confirmed first business major may apply to pursue the extended major in Artificial Intelligence (AI) if they wish to build solid knowledge in innovative applications of AI upon their business specialization from the fourth term onwards. Another extended major in Digital Media and Creative Arts (DMCA) is for students who wish to master how creativity creates value in business communications that maximize consumer experiences and business models. The extended major will require students to take courses and complete a capstone project in a selected area while doing their business degree within the four-year time frame. Students completing the extended major will graduate with a title bearing both their selected traditional business major and the extended major. The two graphs at the bottom may give some insights into the synergy between business and the two extended majors.

I hope by now you have some ideas about our undergraduate education. Let me walk you through the admissions process. HKUST Business School is a very international and multicultural school. This is where I get to know many faculty and other students from around the world. As a publicly funded university, the majority of our intakes are local students. However, we have been utilizing our 20% international student quota to bring in high-caliber students from around the world. We take in students from diverse educational backgrounds annually. 65% come from the local JUPAS pool, which consists of students taking the Hong Kong secondary school curriculum. Another 15% are local students who attend either international schools in Hong Kong or overseas. Our current intake represents over 20 academic qualifications from different countries or regions. In terms of the overall undergraduate population, we currently have approximately 4,000 students coming from more than 45 countries around the world. Don't forget that 400 incoming exchange students from different parts of the world join us every year. So you are not only guaranteed to have a highly international and culturally rich environment when you study here, but also access to the even-more-diverse, supportive, and growing 34,000 alumni community.

The admission mechanism also reflects our emphasis on students' autonomy in learning. The unique hybrid admission model allows most of our students to come in through the school-based admission route. That means you can take your time to find out what you're interested in before you decide to choose a particular major. On the other hand, for students who already know their interest— for example, "I'm very interested in accounting"— they could apply to our specific major directly. Some students are a bit concerned that "If I choose the school-based admission route, does that mean it will take longer to complete the program?" And the answer is no. What happens is that students who come in, whether through the school-based or program-based route, follow the exact same business foundational curriculum during the first three terms. Then, at the end of the first, second, and third terms, with the advice from the academic advisors, peer mentors, and faculty members from different programs, students can choose the right major from all business programs either solely offered by us or jointly offered with other HKUST units through the Major Selection Exercise. The option of Extended Major is also open to students of both school-based and program-based admission routes.

Here comes the JUPAS admission arrangement for next year. We require four core subjects, plus two electives, including M1 or M2. There are minimum requirements for the four core subjects, and we double count English and Mathematics because we believe that these are essential for students to do well in our program. The competitive scores here are essential information for you to take note of. Given the relatively smaller intake size, individual programs' entry scores usually are higher than the School entry score. Therefore, it is crucial that you put your preferred program(s)— for example, JS5318 Professional Accounting— as a higher choice than a school-based admission choice, JS5300 Business and Management, in Band A but not vice versa to maximize your chance of being admitted. The five programs listed in the grey box require admissions interviews. For students who pursue other academic qualifications, here are the reference scores for IB, GCEAL, and SAT. Mathematics is required by quantitative-oriented programs, while for other business programs, students from all backgrounds, whether with or without any business subjects in high school, are eligible for admission. Four programs listed on the left require admission interviews. An important note is that our assessment and offer decisions are made on a rolling basis. Therefore, interested students are encouraged to submit their applications as early as possible. We also encourage students to include the school-based program "Business & Management" as the alternative choice in your application paper to maximize the chance of being admitted.

If you're interested in business, HKUST Business School will be an excellent choice for you. Join us and look out for more information on our social media platforms. Thank you for watching this video. Our students always regard HKUST Business School as a place filled with opportunities. We wish you also find us a place where you want to pursue undergraduate studies. I look forward to seeing you at HKUST on our beautiful campus in Clear Water Bay.