"The HKUST Computer Engineering Program emphasizes the integration of computer science and electronic engineering for our students to learn the best of both worlds. Hello, I'm Professor Wei Wang, Associate Director of the HKUST Computer Engineering Program. In this video, I will introduce the HKUST Computer Engineering Program, its curriculum, and its research facilities to you. The HKUST Computer Engineering Program is an interdisciplinary program jointly run by the Department of Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) and the Department of Electronic and Computer Engineering (ECE). The CPEG program offers a rich and challenging curriculum for motivated students who are interested in pursuing engineering careers with a unique research emphasis in well-equipped laboratories. Our forward-looking education teaches you advanced and practical computer technologies and how to make sound decisions in various engineering business environments. 

What and why is computer engineering? Everybody knows that computers are everywhere. You can see them in smartphones, robots, your laptop, drones, automation, and satellite communications. Actually, computing can be seen everywhere. You can see that technology is progressing at the most rapid rate, and it changes the way we live every day now and in the future. So, computing is advancing in our fields, in businesses, finance, and in the medical sector, and it empowers the world's economy. For example, Amazon and Twitter. The revolution is far from over. For example, in 2000, we knew that the Macintosh computer was very expensive and heavy. But in ten years, we can see that smartphones are much more powerful and less expensive than the Macintosh computer. This is due to the fact that the speed and capacity of computers double every 18 to 24 months. This is what we call Moore's Law. The revolutionary breakthroughs are in many different ways, such as artificial intelligence and data analytics. But this is just the beginning. There is a lot of room for development in many countries. This is a field of huge jobs and intellectual opportunity. The computer revolution is only the second half of the chessboard. We are experiencing exponential growth in the capability of computers, which causes a second machine age. Our lives will be enhanced by intelligent machines in ways that are beyond our imagination. 

For example, in object connections, we have IoT, which provides universal connectivity. We have processors and sensors almost everywhere, especially with 5G coming. We have advanced robotics, for example, unmanned cars. Also, everybody knows this is related to advances in AI and big data. So what is the CPEG program in our school? CPEG is about the design and use of computers in computing devices to benefit the lives of human beings. CPEG focuses on all aspects of computer technology and applications. It maintains a good balance and bridges the gap between the software side and the hardware side. The CPEG program at HKUST is jointly run by the CSE and ECE departments. We offer the best of both worlds for undergraduates in the School of Engineering. Our management committee oversees the CPEG program, and the members come from the faculties of both CSE and ECE. We also have the facilities, including the laboratories from both departments. 

How about CPEG careers and prospects? Most of our graduates start with a technical position in many fields, such as system analysis, computer programming, electronic network, and field sales support engineering. They will progress into senior positions in technical management, system analysis, consultancy, marketing, sales, and general management. Some graduates become academics, researchers, and interpreters. Our CPEG graduates always have great job offers from engineering, government, education, or commercial sectors. Employers keep coming back to us. Our experience tells us that the career prospects in CPEG span a wide variety of industries, including finance and banking, electronics, software, telecom, transportation and utilities, government, social services, education, and so on. 

Here I am showing the CPEG graduates' employment statistics from last year according to employment by sector. You can see in this simple pie chart that over half of our graduates will go into commerce and the business field, and a significant number of them will go into engineering and industries. Others will go into education, government, and community and social services. According to employment status, you can see in this graph that last year, most of our CPEG graduates were fully employed. Of course, some of them will further their studies in MPhil or PhD programs. The monthly gross incomes are comparable to other disciplines in our university. CPEG is a specialized engineering discipline in our School of Engineering. CPEG students will take several University Common Core courses related to humanities, social analysis, wellness, and communication skills in their junior years. They will also study engineering fundamentals such as mathematics, physics, and basic programming. In their senior years, they will take required courses from two main areas: software and hardware. Fundamental courses from both areas, such as algorithms and electronics, are required. Then, system fundamentals such as computer organization and embedded systems are also included in their curriculum. 

CPEG students in their senior years will choose electives from a wide range of areas of specialization. Now, I am going to give more details on those areas of specialization. In the area of artificial intelligence and theory, we have courses on machine learning, intelligent systems, and theory of computation. In the area of embedded systems and robotics, we have courses in ARM-core hardware, software-based systems, and automatic control systems. In the area of graphics and multimedia, we have courses on video and audio compression, computer games, and graphics. In the area of semiconductor and VLSI, we have courses on sensors, power electronics, IC design, and architecture. In the area of signal processing, we have courses on signal analysis, medical imaging, and speech and image compression. In the area of software and database, we have courses on operating systems, theory of computation, and database management. In the area of systems and networking, we have courses on the design of Internet and computer networks. In the area of communications, we also have courses on digital, wired, and wireless communication. 

We understand that young and motivated students need the highest degree of curriculum flexibility as they explore their individual academic interests. We offer a wide range of curricula regarding minors, honors programs, study options, and concentrations. For example, CPEG students can choose minor programs in business, mathematics, physics, humanities, social science, and more. We also have a wide range of research options for top students who would like to experience R&D work or who plan to pursue a career in high-tech research and development or management work. Through frequent faculty-student interaction, we inspire, challenge, and guide our students to be the leaders of their fields. Therefore, you can fully develop your potential in a multidisciplinary setting. Our students perform excellently and receive numerous awards in different competitions, conferences, and exhibitions. 

Realizing that world-class engineers need to develop a global perspective, we offer international exposure with ample opportunities to interact with foreign students inside and outside classrooms and to exchange overseas in top institutions around the world. I hope you have some ideas about what the CPEG program is. You may also visit our website for further information about the program, or please contact us if you have any questions. Experience our rewarding environment and engineer your bright future. Join us in HKUST CPEG, and we hope to see you soon. Thank you."