Christopher, before we talk about wealth for good, I gotta ask you about how you're assessing
this banking crisis that we're seeing in Europe and the U.S. here right now. Do you see any kind of
bigger fallout from Credit Suisse? And are any kind of contingency measures in place?
I think similar to all of you, we have been monitoring the situation closely. And back in Hong
Kong, talk about CS or other incidents you mentioned, our exposure to those incidents are
unlimited. In terms of both, like example, our capital markets and also our banking system,
they are very much robustly regulated. Like for example, if you look at the current
capital advocacy ratio of our banks, basically it's well exceeded 20% way above the international
level of 8%. So all these, I think, is something that is customally to the robustness of financial
regulation. But of course, with all these things defatting, we are monitoring the situation, like
all of you. We've seen perhaps there's a manic-dirtal talk of there being flows of money into Hong
Kong. What are you seeing in terms of that as this banking crisis continues to affect the global
banking system in terms of money coming in and out of Hong Kong? Generally speaking, if you look at
the way that our capital markets, like the bank market works, I think they have been
smoothly operating. And we see no issues so far. At the same time, I think back to the theme of
today's interview, as you highlighted, basically it's about well for good. And that's exactly what
we're trying to do, try to strengthen and also consolidate our role as a asset, a wealth management
center, by joining more family offices here. Christopher David here. So what is new about what
the offering is right now? And I'll ask you directly, what is Hong Kong
offering that Singapore cannot? If you look at the overall landscape of
ultra high-network individuals, I think it's estimated over 20,000 of them are back in Hong
Kong, which is the largest size among all global cities. But we want to do more and consolidate more.
And that's why, coming Friday, we are going to provide a policy statement in terms of a whole
area of measures that we will put forward to draw malls and offices here.
Because we see lots of synergies between what we do here and the needs of family offices.
And specifically, in terms of the policy statement, while I will not show all of the details,
because all of the details will be announced this Friday, I think there are few things.
Number one is that we will have a tax concession, which is a full tax concession for single family
offices. And the bar that we set right now is 30 million US dollars. And for those single family
offices who will invest in Hong Kong for that amount, subject to certain traditions,
they will be given a full tax concession of 16.5%. That's number one. And number two,
in terms of what will be new, as highlighted in a budget earlier, we will relaunch a capital
investment engine scheme, i.e. for people who are putting money in the local asset market,
excluding property, we allow them to come, reside and develop here. And for the details,
we are still working on those, and we will share more later on. But that said, I think these are
the two things. Among others, there will be showcase in the coming policy statement to be
announced in the coming Friday, well for good summit. Right. Christopher, I don't mean to steal
thunder from Friday, because I know you're saving some of the good stuff for them. But since you
mentioned something, I need to ask you then. The tax concession, that's one. Will you have a
minimum amount that family offices will need to keep in Hong Kong as a way, I guess, to bolster the
offering? Yeah. I think similar to other schemes in the world, we do have a minimum, as I highlighted.
It's 30 million US dollars, and you compare the amount with other schemes globally, I would say
there's a fairly competitive level. And that said, I would say, in terms of family office wealth,
we talk about the next generation. Very often, I'm not just talking about financial returns,
they are looking for more broadly, like impact investments, like art, like charities. And that's
why, for the coming world for good summit, it is actually a very broad range of subjects that we'll
cover. And during before, one is tech, one is about green, one is about art, and it's one about
philanthropy. So the reason that we named this summit well for good, there are two reasons.
Number one, for good, as all of you know, in English means lasting. So for family wealth,
different from other wealth, basically it's meant to be lost at the same time to be passed on from
generation to another. That's why we put in well for good for that sense. And then other
meaning for well for good is that it means for good courses. As I highlighted and said,
our now the next generation really are looking for returns beyond financial returns. It could be
social returns or more broadly, charities, whatever. And that's why we put this as the overall theme
of the summit and have under this theme, the four topics such as highlighted.
Okay, Chris, I want to get a sense though of, you know, you're trying to attract family offices
into Hong Kong, but Hong Kong is suffering from certain image problems such as the encroachment
on its legal system for one thing. It's something which people really, really respected. But also,
that comes with the national security law and the territory's proximity with China here as well,
and the vagueness of that national security law. How are you going to navigate that and make it a
sell? In fact, throughout the latter part of last year and early part of this year,
I've been going to different places across the world in terms of having meetings with business
and also financial people. I think one message is very clear that Hong Kong's financial system
and also financial center strengths are very obvious. That's number one. And number two,
in terms of the rule of law issues just mentioned, I think Hong Kong is one of the
future restrictions in Asia where you can still sue the government and still win. And this very
much at the core of our rule of law, it was the case before, and it's still the case now.
And number three, in terms of the national security issue, I think we are no dissimilar
from other jurisdictions, where they also have similar provision in terms of protecting
national security. So on that account, I think for national security, it actually provides the
stability that we require to further our development. And you also mentioned about the
proximity to mainland. I would say that that's an advantage, because after all, if you look at
all the connect programs, for example, in the capital markets that we have,
be it bond, be it equity, be it ETFs, be it like the bond connect,
and now the swap connect, and going on the enhancement to wealth management connect,
I think all these connectivities are playing to an advantage at the one country to systems.
And that's exactly the Hong Kong spot we're going to continue to tell.
