Shortly after fed cut rates, China introduced its most aggressive stimulus on 25 September
2024.
I don't know when you'll be viewing this, so for me it's actually important what's
happening there because I do have a stick in the game.
I've popped for those exposed into China as well as Hong Kong.
I'll show you more in detail so do stay right to the very end.
Now this recovery has been massive.
The pace is crazy.
As you can see over here, popular tech focused China ETFs like K went up 51% on a month.
See QQQ up 53% in a month, HangSeng up 30% also.
Then after this rally, an expected 10-12% depending on where you measure it.
So when this crazy rally faded, I was very intrigued.
I wanted to research a bit first before sharing with you what exactly are possible action
steps that you can take to participate or at least to benefit from this potential change
in China as well as Hong Kong stocks.
So let's take a look at the bold stimulus package as mentioned over here.
The three parts to it.
The first is that this by PBOC People's Bank of China, which is their central bank, includes
the first, which is a cut on their reserve requirement ratios are by half a percentage
point.
It's a fed reducing rate.
And the main policy interest by 0.2% point, so both of these are larger than usual.
So PBOC is also indicated and additional cuts are possible by year-end.
Very similar to fed, if fed reduces, I guess PBOC will also reduce and add that pace or
more aggressive.
Second, PBOC will cut mortgage rates for existing home loans by roughly half a percentage point
nationwide.
This is to support residential property market.
And the third is that PBOC will actually be creating a pair of new structural monetary
policy tools to support the stock market.
Key face, support the stock market.
Eligible institution investors will be able to borrow liquid assets such as treasury bonds,
central bank bills down here on central bank, using assets like ETFs, S collateral, and
then sell them to get the cash they need to invest more into equity markets.
The inlay momentum is just a leverage.
I'm going to lend you money to leverage.
The central bank will provide refinancing loans for banks extending credit to publicly
traded companies, aiming to buy back their own shares.
Wow, so this is just telling you, central banks are going to buy your own shares, don't
worry, don't money, I'll lend you.
That's why some cash fund managers read this as a ridiculous, common initiative that is
extremely, extremely powerful.
Listen to this.
Believe this or not, SWAP facilities to buy stocks want encouraging buybacks, encouraging
buybacks of stocks.
Okay, this is China.
Stock buybacks, not only encouraging it, lending you money.
But back to these three points on this bull stimulus, I reflected over their rate and rate
mean for us international investors, I think it's not the biggest impact.
The green one over there whereby they are going to lend money to buy securities is a
direct prop up of stock market prices.
Coming to hear, let me share a few my interpretation on this situation.
The first is that this rally is fueled by short sellers covering.
As mentioned over here, short sellers are feeding the heat from China fueled rally.
These smart guys have lost more than $8 billion already.
Again, for short selling, your downside is unlimited because you have to buy back in
future, correct?
If the stock buys triples, your $1 in each capital could lose $4 even.
So there's a short squeeze rallies are that violent.
Now, it's easy to confirm whether they are short sellers or not.
And before you get that, help me smash your subscribe button, especially if you learned
some new day, and you'll keep tabs on the developments of Chinese equity and Hong Kong
equity.
I will be covering them on this very channel.
So stay tuned for it.
Let me next pull up Yang ETF, which is actually the direction daily FTSE China Bear 3X ETF.
This Yang ETF has saw a three-year net inflow of $157 million as shown below.
But what we can see is that there's a big spike in August, September, correct?
A lot of short sellers got a timing absolutely wrong.
This has been further verified with other information, such as this, which is short interest
among the bigger China ETFs.
2004 is an all-time high for short seller interest.
So again, the first leg up is short sellers internationally running, stampeding over each
other to hate for their exit.
Let's pull back in the HangSeng run up.
One month, it's 30%.
What about popular individual stocks that are shorted internationally?
This puts on the five biggest, Tencent, Baba, Baidu, JD and Meituan.
You'll see that Tencent has relatively underperformed all of them at 28%, Baidu, 36%, but Baba
is at 45, JD and Meituan are 80% upswing over the last one month.
If you wish to trade Hong Kong stocks, I would recommend you MooMoo.
Right now, MooMoo has a $0 commission for Hong Kong and Asian for both new and existing
users for 30 days.
I've read my own commission free card, click on the promotions, my rewards, you will find
it here.
Click to activate it.
I've deposited money myself by simply going back to accounts, deposit button, select pay
now and through this method, I've deposited a further $8,000.
Do remember also to do currency exchange when you buy your Hong Kong stocks?
MooMoo actually has a very good exchange rate.
I think it's been a bit of a wash list of Hong Kong stocks.
You can find that it's very easy to find information about a company in MooMoo, such
as its latest earnings and valuations.
If you are a new user to MooMoo, there are further incentives for you.
Simply sign up now and can enjoy 6.8% per annum, guaranteed rates for up to 30 days on MooMoo
Cash Plus.
There are three funds in MooMoo Cash Plus, and the first option is the full-level SGD
liquidity fund, which provides the same-day liquidity if you subscribe and redeem before
the cut of date.
For this liquidity fund, it invests to the M.A.S. bills, which are backed by the government.
How this 6.8% guarantee works is MooMoo worth for 30 days, top up in addition to the returns
you get a fund up to 6.8%, and if you park 80,000 inside, you will earn $447 worth of interest.
So if you want to sign up now, use my referral links below.
On top of that, you'll be able to unlock four stock bundles of top five traded US stocks
worth $70 each, and an Apple share worth $287.
Still got one more offer, if you use my code, you'll get an extra $20 cash coupon.
So that's worth $1,034 worth of welcome rewards in total.
Disclaimer, MooMoo Cash Plus is an investment product.
Principal is not guaranteed that up to 30 days of 6.8% per annum is guaranteed only
during the promotion period.
After the promotion period, interest is not guaranteed.
This is not comparable, and it's different from a fixed deposit or a fixed deposit.
Investment in any capital market products involves risks and risks of losing principle.
So what are you waiting for?
Sign up with MooMoo today.
Let's get back to our discussion about this market rally.
Prior to this recent rally, short sellers were profitably building their positions in
a falling market.
Since the rebound, however, short selling in the group has slowed.
Getting scared ready, yeah.
And before that, it's just double down, double down, double down.
Bigger loss-making trader mindset.
Before Beijing surprised the market with its stimulus plans, shorting China stocks have
been popular with a number of market observers underweighting the sector.
It is true, recently there have been a lot of emerging markets' ex-China funds.
Previously, China has been a key component of emerging markets, so underweighting the
sector means that.
And some labeling the country aren't investable.
Now, you may have heard that yourself.
This have been fear mongering going for a very long time.
As mentioned in the survey, 19% of correspondents said that shorting Chinese equities was the
most crowded trade, second only to going long on Magnificent Seven stocks.
So you see where the FOMO had become, shorting China and longing Magnificent Seven.
The most painful trades for short sellers have been Baba and JD.
On the flipside, traders betting against neo-li auto-expanding PDD are still in the black.
Not truly, PDD has shot up through the roof.
Even with the recent rally, short sellers aren't rushing to cover their positions just
yet.
That is actually why there could be a second wave of short seller panic attached on that
in a while.
Baba's stock price might see the greatest impact if shorts begin covering in size as
a stock has seen increased short selling into this rally.
Now let me touch back on the point of some short sellers not rushing to cover back their
positions.
Some of them may have survived the May 2004 rally up of 20% that Hang Seng for example
exhibited.
This time around, they feel that they can just hold on and let things subside.
But maybe this time around, it's different.
What if more and more people jump on a bandwagon and say don't fight PBOC?
But if more and more big hedge fund managers are waiting for the deal to help push the
index up, because they know short sellers have been squeezed, let's put it on the chart.
Once it gets past more than 50%, it may become unbearable and short sellers might just panic
yet again.
That is why there's every possibility that this could be an extremely volatile period
for retail traders.
This leads to the second point, which is the majority of China retail investors in my
opinion, are not even in it.
The headline reads, "China investors rush into stocks for fear of missing out on epic
rally.
Brokerages are bustling with business and there's an explosion in stock turnover.
Some who are interviewed by the press have mentioned that they are starting to buy stocks
using borrowed money.
There's no other way to be reached other than dabbling on stocks."
Don't do that, huh?
The market craze, as you can see this time, could be arm-peasy standard.
Now what is common seems crazy and euphoric.
They know again, this, which is on 30th of September, is just two weeks into the rally.
How much craziness can there be built in?
You know, euphoric and stock markets need years to build.
Two weeks, we can guess that there's only early adopters.
Which means if you draw this chart out, you will realize that 70% who are the majority
have not even taken action.
Have not even persuaded to overcome their own biases.
So that's why euphoria needs years to build the market.
And this has really happened before.
Let's do it back in time.
Previous index rallies have been at least 50% and for more than a year.
If our someone knew who doesn't have China exposure, I would buy systematically.
I think that is a good tactical approach.
This is actually shared with former member in my telegram group, who has done very well
and been very patient.
You would see over here, he has invested since September 2021 correct, and consistently dollar cost
average all the way to today.
Right now, that portfolio sits in the green.
And I would estimate that as of this time of filming, he is probably up 13 or 14% already.
If it's super volatile, but generally still on the uptrend, dollar cost averaging still
works.
Lump sum, yes, on the uptrend, it might benefit more.
But again, this is a very volatile period for China and Hong Kong stocks.
I think a lump sum investment might be very emotional.
And as always, if you'd like to join my telegram group, I'll leave links below.
Now since it's starting being right to the very end, let me share with you a bonus on
what I observe, which is why I'm optimistic.
If you look at the heat map for China stocks, large state own banks are doing very well.
This team map game is from our sponsor today, Moo Moo.
You'll see that this sector has even recovered from this pullback.
And on the longer timeframe, they are actually confirmed on a bullock up.
For Asian markets, like Singapore, you will realize that banks typically lead a bull
cycle, then the rest of the market catches up.
And if the economic economic hit, you would guess that banks won't be doing well already.
Now, if we check in terms of Hong Kong side, banks are also leading the way.
And besides banks, digital solution services, which is where Tencent is also looking strong.
Now Tencent is someone I feel has strong fundamentals, and it's something that I've covered before
in a previous video, stocks that I'm secretly buying.
Check out this previous episode I have, without sound from me and see you there.
Take care as always, goodbye.
