Thank you very much, Financial Secretary, for joining me here today. We've seen in the global markets, following the Dow posting its biggest one-day plunge in history, there is, of course, a correction now in the US markets, and a couple of markets in Asia are in correction territory as well. Do you think that this is an overreaction? 

Well, the outbreak of the coronavirus caught everybody by surprise initially in China, but now the situation in China seems to have been contained. However, this virus has somehow spread. So, I think going forward, in terms of the supply chain and consumer spending, things may be affected. But in Hong Kong, we have been trying very hard to fight this disease. Our economy has been impacted; that's why the budget includes measures to try to help stimulate the economy and relieve the burden on our people.

This week, you did release your budget, and one of the big headlines was a cash handout of 10,000 Hong Kong dollars. It'll take a few months for the applications to be ready and then for the distribution of the money, but it'll be summer before the funds actually reach the Hong Kong permanent residents. Now, there is a percentage of these seven million eligible residents who don't live in Hong Kong and won't actually be spending to stimulate the economy here. What do you say to those types of criticisms? How do you respond? 

Well, in the Immigration Department, when they maintain their record of Hong Kong permanent identity card holders, they do not distinguish whether these people are living in Hong Kong, living overseas, or living in neighboring cities in Guangdong province. If we are going to institute administrative measures to try to find out, for example, address proof, administratively it is doable but quite cumbersome. That may have an impact on the timely implementation of this scheme and getting the money to the people. So, that's why this time, our initial thinking is that let's not make such a distinction and encourage these people to come back to visit their friends and spend their money here. We have been hearing feedback from people, and this is something that perhaps we may look further into, but the overriding objective is to implement the scheme as quickly and as simply as possible.

Any estimates on how much this can spur the economy? Can you quantify it? 

For about 1%, this cash handout scheme, but together with the other relief measures in the budget and also the anti-epidemic funds and the four rounds of measures we have been rolling out since last August, together they would help to stimulate our GDP by above 3%. 

Now, you mentioned all the relief packages as well as the stimulus. The government announced 30 billion dollars last year in four rounds, earlier this month another 30 billion Hong Kong dollars in the anti-epidemic fund, and then this week 128 billion Hong Kong dollars. You've already forecast six consecutive budget deficits. How is the government placed if this virus outbreak does not get controlled and further aid is needed? 

Well, depending on circumstances, fortunately, Hong Kong has a very strong fiscal reserve at the moment. Our fiscal reserve stands at about 11 billion Hong Kong dollars, although in the coming financial year we are going to have a huge deficit, mostly because of the cash handout scheme and one-off relief measures, which do not have long-term financial implications in future years. Yes, on the operating account, we have a deficit to the order of about fifty billion dollars, but on a consolidated basis, the deficit would be around seventy to eighty billion in the context of a budget of 700 billion. This is relatively small. I would argue that in the medium-term forecast, it is a balanced budget, and it is up to us in these difficult circumstances to try to revive the economy as early and as quickly as possible. That is why we are rolling out all these measures.

You've warned that this coronavirus outbreak could be worse than the SARS outbreak back in 2003. Back then, we had the Central People's Government rolling out some economic measures. We've had numerous rounds of measures, and we've also had the introduction of individual tourists coming to Hong Kong. This time around, can Hong Kong emerge without the help of the Central People's Government? 

Well, the domestic and external environment and landscape are quite different, as you rightly point out. But at the same time, we do have other advantages that did not exist last time. One, for example, is the Greater Bay Area Development, a market of over 70 million people with an aggregate GDP of about 1.6 trillion US dollars. In this GDP development and, say, for example, in financial services, we are very well placed to take advantage of that. We can also take this opportunity to drive the development of our innovation and technology sector. So, it is important for us in Hong Kong to work together to overcome the current challenges and to move Hong Kong forward.

Now, if we go on the assumption that the coronavirus will be resolved by this summer, there is still the issue of social unrest in Hong Kong. It's been ongoing for close to nine months now. What is the government doing to resolve the grievances? 

Oh yes, this is also a social issue, reflecting the deep-seated issues in the community. Hong Kong is a place of opportunity. We in Hong Kong share joy and sorrow. Yes, we do have differences and different opinions. Hong Kong may have all sorts of shortcomings, but this is still home, which allows for diversity and freedom of development. So, I would appeal to the people of Hong Kong: let's set aside the differences for the moment, work together to face this challenge, and move Hong Kong forward. In the meantime, we can have more dialogue to foster mutual understanding, to better understand the perspective of the other side, and to try to find solutions.

The Legislative Council elections are set for September, following a dismal result in the district council elections last year for the pro-establishment camp. If there is no resolution to the social issues, how big of a risk is this to your government? 

Well, I won't speculate, but we are doing our utmost at the moment to fight the coronavirus, to try to stimulate the economy, and to help our people. I think it is important for us in this time of difficulty to be united and work together.

Hong Kong's status as a financial hub has been called into question. Is Hong Kong less competitive than it was a year ago? 

I do not agree. We suffer temporarily from the social incidents that revealed the deep-seated differences. There were disruptions, but the core strength of Hong Kong, the core competitiveness of Hong Kong remains unchanged in terms of institutional arrangements: one country, two systems, the rule of law, independent judiciary, freedom of expression, and freedom of capital, people, goods, and information. I still see that in our financial market. If you look at the performance of the financial market over the past year, it has been very stable. In terms of IPO funds raised, we are still number one. So, we do have our competitive advantage. I think it is important for us to remain focused on developing the economy and leveraging our competitive strengths to move the economy forward and create the space for us to address the different issues.

Hong Kong often gets compared to Singapore in terms of the coronavirus cases, similar around 90 cases. Hong Kong has closed schools since the Lunar New Year and is closed until April 20th. Singapore, though, has managed to keep the schools open, and the government there is also providing medical support in terms of paying for medical bills. Is there a risk that expats or businesses will leave Hong Kong? 

It may not be appropriate to compare these two economies. Our proximity to China and the flow of people, as well as the economic integration between Hong Kong and the mainland, are very different. So, I think from the Hong Kong SAR government's standpoint, with the advice of the experts, we will do our very best to prevent the spread of this virus and, at the same time, gradually recover in terms of reviving all the different activities, and in the meantime, prepare to stimulate the economy.

Property, retail, and the financial markets are key pillars of Hong Kong's economy but are also highly dependent on China. Is there a need, as China slows, to lessen our reliance on mainland China? 

Well, there are opportunities and challenges. I think we have to focus on the opportunities in areas where we have a competitive advantage and to maximize those opportunities. Financial services is one area, innovation and technology is another, and also in terms of high value-added logistics, we have very strong competitiveness in those areas. So, I think the formula for success in the future, as compared to the time of SARS, would be very different. But while the environment is changing, it is up to us to identify the opportunities where we stand a better chance to succeed and focus our energy and resources into those areas.

Financial Secretary, good luck and all the best in helping Hong Kong, and thank you very much for your time today. Thank you.