- Hi everyone, nice to meet you.
My name is Wu Yang Lim.
I'm an associate professor of economics
and a huge coordinator of the two programs
offered by the Department of Economics at HKUST.
BBA in Economics and BSC in Economics and Finance.
Let me spend about 20 minutes to you
to introduce the two programs.
I hope you enjoy it.
Our department offers three UG programs altogether.
BBA in Economics, BSC in Mathematics and Economics
and BSC in Economics and Finance.
The BSC in Math Econ program is jointly offered
with the Department of Mathematics.
In this presentation, I will focus on the other two programs,
BBA in Economics and BSC in Economics and Finance.
So, what is economics?
It is hard to define economics in one or two sentences,
but let me try.
It is a social science that studies the choices
that we, individual, businesses, organizations,
government and entire society make
as they cope with the scarcity of resources.
It also studies the incentives that influences
and reconcile the choices we make.
We all make choices every moment of our lives.
Economics emphasizes the consequences
of the choices we make.
If we choose to produce one good or service,
that means we cannot produce something else
due to the limited time and resources, of course.
If we decide to buy one product,
that means we cannot buy something else.
This basic trade-off
results in the notion of the opportunity cost.
Economics presumes that people respond
to the incentives provided by this opportunity cost
of their choices.
Any decision problems that involve trade-offs
are economics problems.
It covers a wide range of problems
from individual decision problems
to public policy-making problems.
Not only consumers' consumption choice problem
and producers' profit maximization problems,
but also marriage and political voting decisions.
More macro-level decision problems are covered as well,
including housing market,
stock market, exchange rates,
unemployment, international trade and economic growth.
Economics consists of several key building blocks.
Microeconomics is a field of economics
that studies individual decision problems.
The famous notion of "Invisible Hand" by Adam Smith
is one of the key concepts in microeconomics.
Macroeconomics is an area that studies
more aggregate-level problems,
including economic growth, interest rate,
unemployment, asset market bubble,
monetary policy and so on.
Econometrics is a subject that investigate
statistical methodologies used to deal with
micro and macro-level data.
These three key field of economics
are tied together by the fundamental methodology
of theoretical and model-based analysis.
As a field of science,
economists believe that all models
have to be tested rigorously.
That is why the final missing building block
is the empirical and data-driven analysis.
So, what is the main objective of our program?
Of course, we want to teach economics well.
But more importantly,
we would like to help our student
to build an analytical mindset.
The analytical mindset will be extremely powerful
when it comes with a proper analytical skill
to deal with data.
Given that, we are now living in an era of big data.
Our curriculum is designed for our students
to obtain a balanced micro
and macro-economics point of view as well.
Together with this,
the quantitative analytical training
that our programs offer
will allow our students to identify
and address novel and challenging problems successfully.
Then, you may wonder why you need to study economics
at HKUST.
That's why I now introduce you
the special and unique values
that our university,
school and department can add to you.
First, according to the QS world university ranking in 2020,
which is one of the most influential
university ranking measures,
the Department of Economics at HKUST
is ranked at 29th in the world,
first in Hong Kong,
third in Greater China,
and fifth in Asia.
Of course,
this ranking is a noisy measure,
but it is definitely informative about the academic
and educational quality
that our department provides to our students.
Next, we offer very flexible
credit-based program curricula,
which consists of four different course categories,
university common core courses,
business core courses,
major required courses,
and additional free electives.
The university common core courses cover
various basic but fundamental courses
across different disciplines.
Business core courses are
the core courses in business subjects,
including economics, accounting,
information system,
marketing and management.
Major required courses are the courses
focusing on economics in topic and methodology.
More advanced level economics courses
belong to this category.
And there are a few extra elective courses
you can choose to take.
BBA economics and BSE,
Econ and Finance are differentiated with each other
with respect to the compositions of this requirement.
First, BBA economics
requires 36 credits of common core courses,
between 45 to 46 credits of business core courses,
and 23 to 24 credits of major required courses.
Second, BSE, Econ and Finance
requires 36 credits of common core courses,
33 to 34 credits of business core courses,
and 40 to 41 credits of major required courses.
Both programs have the minimum requirement of 120 credits.
This simple comparison allows us to understand
that BBA Econ program is suitable for students
with broad interest who'd like to explore
various kind of business subjects.
While BSE, economics and finance
is suitable for those who'd like to get
more focused training on economics and finance.
After all, the pros and cons of each program
seem quite clear.
BBA economics provide you with a larger flexibility
to pursue double major,
given the lower requirement for the major required courses.
It focuses on applying economic knowledge
and analysis to a wide range of business environment.
At the same time,
it provides our students with great exposure
to the analytical framework
that the field of economics emphasizes.
Eventually, the training broadens your view of the world
so that you should be able to successfully address
any social and business problems.
On the other hand, BSE, economics and finance
offers a more focused training on economics and finance.
It aims at providing a rigorous training
and delivering fundamental knowledge.
In the process of learning,
you will encounter a number of instances
in which you are asked to learn
and use mathematical, statistical and modeling tools.
So, you should not be afraid of them.
Eventually, the program will enhance your confidence
on dealing with complex social and business problems
based on theoretical and data analysis
and identifying a causal relationship.
So, what do you need to choose
between BBA economics and BSE, economics and finance
when you want to study economics at HKUST?
Your answer should depend on your interest
and the career path that you would like to pursue.
What kind of jobs do you expect to get
after graduating from our programs?
Here is the brief summary of the data
from the 2019 Graduate Employment Survey.
As you can see here, quite some majority of students
from both programs got a job
in the banking and finance sector
followed by the administration and management sector.
One key observation about the difference
between the two programs is that the job placement
of the BBA economic students is more diverse,
while that of the BSE, economics and finance students
is more concentrated.
But I would like to emphasize that over 60%
of our students received two or more job offers
when or before they graduate.
Of course, the great success that our students achieved
came from their original and raw talent.
But we also do our best to help our students
develop their full potential.
For example, nearly 90% of our students
have internship experiences.
We organize alumni sharing sessions, career fair
and industry talks regularly.
We also provide several channels
for our students to experience economics research.
It includes junior research fellowships,
independent research projects and undergraduate research
opportunity programs.
Through this channel, you will be able to interact
with our faculty members and have an opportunity
to be part of their research.
For those who are interested in pursuing
photo graduate studies, I'd like to share with you
some data about what programs our students pursue
to study further after they graduate from our programs.
As you can see in the table here, we continuously send
our best students to the very top economics PhD programs
in the US and UK.
It is noticeable that some of our students
pursue marketing PhD, which in my view is also
a very smart choice for those who received
rigorous economics and analytical training,
but is interested in more applied business subjects.
To summarize, we are doing our best to provide you
with a good bridge to your brighter future.
I'd like to invite all of you to be part
of the Department of Economics,
School of Business and Management at HKUST
in the near future.
If you have any further inquiries,
please do not hesitate to visit our departmental website
or contact us at econ@ust.hk.
So, how was the tour we prepared for you
to our two economics programs?
I guess that you were able to get
some basic knowledge about our program,
but may still want to know more about our department.
If that is the case, I strongly encourage you
to visit our department website
and take a look at our faculty profile.
I am pretty sure that you will find
they are doing very interesting research.
