Shortly after Fed cut rates, China introduced its most aggressive stimulus on 25th September 2024. I don't know when you'll be viewing this. So for me, it's actually important what's happening there because I do have a stake in the game. I have portfolios exposed into China as well as Hong Kong. I'll share with you more in detail, so do stay right to the very end. Now, this recovery has been massive. The pace is crazy. As you can see over here, popular tech-focused China ETFs like KWEB up.
51% on a month. CQQQ up 53% in a month. Hang Seng up 30% also. Then after this rally, an expected 10 to 12% depending on when you match it. So when this crazy rally faded, I was very intrigued. I wanted to research a bit first before sharing with you what exactly are possible action steps that you can take to participate or at least to benefit maybe from this potential change in China as well as Hong Kong stocks. So let's take a
at the bold stimulus package as mentioned over here. There are three parts to it. The first is that this by PBOC, People's Bank of China, which is their central bank, includes the first, which is a cut on their reserve requirement ratios, RRR, by half a percentage point. It's a Fed reducing rate. And the main policy interest by 0.2 percentage point. So both of these are larger than usual. So PBOC has also indicated additional cuts are
effect reduces, I guess PBOC will also reduce and at that pace or more aggressive. Second, PBOC will cut mortgage rates for existing home loans by roughly half percentage point nationwide. This is to support residential property market. And the third is that PBOC will actually be creating a pair of new structural monetary policy tools to support the stock market. Key phrase, support the stock market. Eligible institutional investors will be able to borrow
bills directly from central bank using assets like etfs as collateral and then sell them to get the cash they need to invest more into equity markets that in layman term is just leverage i'm going to lend you money to leverage the central bank will provide refinancing loans for banks extending credit to publicly traded companies aiming to buy back their own shares wow so this is just telling you central bank say go and buy your own shares don't worry no money i'll lend you that is why some hedge fund managers read this as a
ridiculous common initiative that's extremely, extremely powerful. Listen to this. Believe this or not, swap facilities to buy stocks want encouraging buybacks, encouraging buybacks of stocks. Okay, this is China. Box stock buybacks, not only encouraging it, lending you money. But back to these three points on this bull stimulus. I reflected over there, red and red mean for us international investors, I think it's not the biggest impact. The green one over there, whereby they are going to lend money to buy securities is a da
prop up of stock market prices.
so that's why short squeeze rallies are that violent now it's easy to confirm whether there are short sellers or not and before you get there help me smash your subscribe button especially if you learn something today and you want to keep tabs on the developments of chinese equity and hong kong equity i will be covering them on this very channel so stay tuned for it let me next pull up young etf which is actually the direction daily ftse china bear 3x etf this young etf has saw a three-year net inflow of $157
million session below. But what we can see is that there's a big spike in August, September, correct? A lot of short sellers got the timing absolutely wrong. This has been further verified with other information such as this, which is short interest on one of the bigger China ETFs. 2024 is an all-time high for short seller interest. So again, the first leg up is short sellers internationally running, stampeding over each other to head for the exit. Let's pull back again the Hang Seng
run up. One month, it's 30%. What about popular individual stocks that are shorted internationally? Let's put out some of the five biggest. Tencent, BABA, Pai Tu, JD and Meituan. You'll see that Tencent has relatively underperformed all of them at 28%. Pai Tu, 36%. But BABA is at 45%. JD and Meituan are at 80% upswing over the last one month. If you wish to trade Hong Kong stocks, I would recommend you Mumu.
right now moomoo has a zero dollar commission for hong kong and asia for both new and existing users for 30 days i've redeemed my own commission free card click on the promotions my rewards you will find it here click to activate it i've deposited money myself by simply going back to accounts deposit button select pay now and through this method i've deposited a further eight thousand dollars do remember also to do currency exchange when you're about your hong kong stocks moomoo
exchange rate. I next went to build a watch list of Hong Kong stocks. You can find that it's very easy to find information about a company in Moomoo such as its latest earnings and valuations. If you are a new user to Moomoo, there are further incentives for you. Simply sign up now and you can enjoy 6.8% per annum guaranteed rates for up to 30 days on Moomoo Cash Plus. There are three funds in Moomoo Cash Plus and the first option is the Fullerton SGD liquidity fund which provides the same day liquidity if you subscribe
and redeemed before the cut-off date. For this liquidity fund, it invests to the MAS bills, which are backed by the government. How this 6.8% guarantee works is MooMoo will, for 30 days, top up in addition to the returns you get the fund up to 6.8%. And if you park $80,000 inside, you will earn $447 worth of interest. So if you want to sign up now, use my referral links below. On top of that, you'll be able to unlock four stock bundles of top five traded US stocks worth $70
each and an apple share worth $287. Still got one more offer, if you use my code, you'll get an extra $20 cash coupon. So that's worth $1034 worth of welcome rewards in total. Disclaimer, Mumu Cash Plus is an investment product. Principal is not guaranteed that up to 30 days of 6.8% per annum is guaranteed only during the promotional period. After the promotional period, interest is not guaranteed. This is not comparable and it's different from a fixed deposit or
savings deposit. Investment in any capital market products involves risks and the risk of losing principal. So what are you
stimulus plans, shorting China stocks have been popular with a number of market observers underweighting the sector. It is true, recently there have been a lot of emerging markets ex-China funds. Previously, China has been a key component of emerging markets. So underweighting the sector means that. And some labelling the country uninvestable. Now you may have heard that yourself. This has been fear-mongering going for a very long time.
aren't rushing to cover their positions just yet. That is actually why there could be a second wave
they feel that they can just hold on and let things subside. But maybe this time around, it's different. What if more and more people jump on the bandwagon and say, don't fight PBOC? What if more and more big hedge fund managers are waiting for the dip to help push the index up because they know short sellers have been squeezed? Let's pull back on the chart. Once it gets past more than 50%, it may become unbearable and short sellers might just panic yet again. That is why there's every possibility that the
realize that 70% who are the majority
good tactical approach. This is actually shared with a former member in my Telegram group who has done very well
sum? Yes, on the uptrend, it might benefit more. But again, this is a very volatile period for China and Hong Kong stocks. I think a lump sum investment might be very emotional. As always, if you'd like to join my Telegram group, I'll leave links below. Now, since you started with me right to the very end, let me share with you a bonus on what I observed, which is why I'm optimistic. If you look at the heat map for China stocks, large state-owned banks are doing very well. This heat map again is from
has even recovered from this pullback. And on a longer timeframe, they are actually confirmed on a bull leg up. For Asian markets like Singapore, you will realize that banks typically lead a bull cycle. Then the rest of the market catches up. And if the economy cannot make it, you would guess that banks won't be doing well
which is where Tencent sits is also looking strong. Now Tencent is someone I feel has strong fundamentals and it's something that I've covered before in a previous video "Stocks that I'm secretly buying". Check out this previous episode I have. With that, I'm Sanath from here.
