Big outflows from CPF OA in 2025. Now I'm actually thinking out loud and this is not confirmed yet that in 2025 there'll be outflows. This again also is not financial advice. I'm just providing thought leadership and I'm actually sharing with you my thoughts FOC and I'm going to speak from the heart. Just in case you didn't know, recent news. From 2025 onwards, CPF special account will be
you may still be employed after the age of 55 and this definitely impacts you. So not only impacts you, it impacts everybody who is now above already the age of 55, they would see their special account closed and all monies from there will be moved to the ordinary account. Anyone from 2025 onwards above the age of 55 will only have three accounts. Ordinary account earning 2.5% only, retirement account and Medisave account. As mentioned in the previous video,
retirement account that one fits the CPF life whereby you have no flexibility you pump the money in it's good but that one pays you monthly amounts and the monies are locked up there so you got to be in good terms with that so in this previous sharing I also shared that CPF shielding is gone ready you can check the links above and from that video I actually like this comment a lot Josh I know that you're trying to be neutral and you don't add fire to oil but I fail to see how anyone in Singapore
benefits from the abolishment of SA post H55. Some with $10,000, some with $100,000 or $1 million SA, they all don't benefit, which is something that I agree and something you should be aware of also. Now, nobody benefits from this because we are end users and we're actually seeing an interest rate cut. Government benefits because the interest they pay out is less, 2.5% versus 4.08%. But again, this whole discussion is not about politics.
And we also often forget that government officials, they also have CPF, so they are also taking a cut. And government's role is actually to allocate resources across society fairly. So sometimes we win, sometimes we lose. So let's not dwell too much about political speculation and stuff. But some people actually mistake this closing of special account as a punishment for shielding, which I also agree is pretty nonsensical. If government wanted to stop CPF shielding, simply disallow movement outside.
of SA, which is also mentioned in this comment. So again, everybody has special account after HL55, especially if you're continuously working, and we all are actually seeing this cut in terms of interest rates. So in terms of feeling sorry, let's keep it as there, and move on to today's entire title. Why exactly do I foresee big outflows from CPF OA for anyone above the HL55? Now, if you're financially savvy, in today's
2.5% guaranteed is peanuts, correct? But don't get me wrong Back in 2019 for example 2.5% is godsend Government guaranteed some more Back then, Fed rates were 1% thereabouts And in future, maybe if Fed rates start to drop again And global interest plunge back down to the 0-1% Then all this discussion is moot But in today's world We are in a high interest environment, correct? And we are very likely staying there for a long while so as
and users we are faced with this dilemma 2.5% guaranteed in CPF OA or we should move the monies out to find better interest let me ask you this question when GXS Bank created a hype account at high interest rates and after they cut their offering what happened people moved
really doesn't make the cut because quite simply if you want to stay government backed interest rates what about Singapore Savings Bonds SSB why not if you are above the age of 55 and you only have monies in your OA with 2.5% why not draw it out and pump it into Singapore Savings Bonds is liquid correct is government backed correct you can still take it out almost any time correct why in the world would you keep 2.5% in OA then choose against this
bonds yes Singapore savings bonds has a cap 200,000 it's DIY also so it's not sold you need to go and go online and buy and that's why I also understand that most people are lazy yeah just extra 2.5% move here move there some who are savvy will do it some who are just lazy which I think most people are they will just not bother that's why I believe Singapore savings bonds is not likely going to be the biggest beneficiary of this
whole entire change who would it be you can take a guess let me share with you is none other than banks correct banks let me show you some offers to tempt you if you are above the age of 55 let's simulate next year have some mental fun with it let me show you this by OCBC premier banking look at this if you park monies with us we give you base interest 1.5% and then if you don't make redraws you continuously add in according to terms and conditions two thousand
a month, we will give you 3.7% interest. 3.7% interest. More than 2.5% interest, correct? What would the pitch be? Hey, mister, miss, pump in big amounts here and then every month, use $2,000 from your CPF OA, you draw it out and you pump back in. We'll meet the terms and conditions and you earn 3.7%. And not just that, every time when you come to our
power redrawer from us cannot close it I bet bankers would be selling this left right and center correct what about Citigo now I'm not representing any bank I'm just pulling up some examples that I hear from private clients because I don't park monies in banks bankers don't call me I learned this from private clients that I work with how about this by Citigo hey mr. miss you pump your money stay a certain CPF away you pump in I design a strategy for you you pump 250,000
fresh funds, you today will get a $880 reward. Et cetera, et cetera, there are some other frills which I also don't understand. $880 unbought from us, burnt on hand there. And if you got $500,000, you're a high income owner, you save a lot in CPF, you draw enough $500,000 to jam it in, I give you $1,750 as a fresh fund rewards. Don't need to do anything, fresh fund rewards just for trusting our bank. Fantastic, correct? I'll teach you if you
spend and earn 1.5 percent you get it save and earn just move 3 000 per month again from your cpf oa we'll just design a strategy okay draw up pump in drop pump in you meet the terms and conditions total account interest rates three percent without doing any other things such as borrowing from us and investing with us if you don't like so easy to sell correct you see what will happen banks will suck out a lot of cbf oa funds simply by thinking of a creative and good pitch which actually
benefits the customer. So it's not right. There's something wrong with it. It's not. It's just a superior alternative. And banks will be the ones that's proactively pushing for this change, in my opinion, when I foresee what's going to happen in 2025. Again, that's not financial advice. Nothing is confirmed. But again, you see that there's a lot of logic. Your next question may be, hey, Josh, I don't have so much CBF OA. Bankers won't call me like you. But hey, some of will still call the retail
side correct and let me show you some potential offers for fixed deposits hey mr so and so miss so and so why not draw your cpf oa after age of 85 you park it with us i'll give you free unbounce you see over here many banks can provide 3.5 3.35 percent so many different kinds of offers that you can get rather than idling your monies in 2.5 percent cpf oa why
would anyone in the right frame of mind continue to kick 2.5% once they reach this phone call from a banker? Agree? Smash the like button as always because I'm sharing this thought leadership with you early so that you are well prepared when the time comes in 2025. And just in case you are young, you're not going to be rich that soon. You have parents, you have uncles, aunties, they are going to receive these pictures or face with this dilemma. So do share this video with them. As always, smash the subscribe if you like quality content like this that helps you understand
finance a lot better. I'll also show you different things that I would do as a creator. Why not do a content that's fixed D ladder? If you have CPF OAs after age of 55, you can buy a lot of fixed deposits here and there. Buy this, buy that, build a ladder that can get you different maturity periods and all getting above 2.5%. Very easy to do, correct? So the conclusion again is quite easily bye bye to cbfoa once you're above the age of
and it backs my personal opinion that there will be likely outflows. I come from the financial services industry. I would like to urge insurers also to get their teams to work a lot harder. Insurers, if you can build a product next year in 2025 suited for those that are above the age of 55, and you can get me 2.5% guaranteed, some upside also for non-guaranteed returns because you have equity allocations in power funds,
rates are going up there's a lot of reasons to get a better offer I can guarantee you you can come with such a plan I can sell millions for you because again it's superior it's a no-brainer I'm helping people get more returns so do do something create power plans savings plans annuity plans retirement plans the market potential is just enormous because the benchmark now is not very high and also do
insurance plans nowadays are very dated. They don't have a lot of flexibility in terms of withdrawal options and interest. If you don't input enough flexibility to your withdrawal, my selling pitch should be against CPF Life, which is coming from the retirement account. And that one doesn't have flexibility, but gives 4.08%. So there is a hurdle to cross. There needs to be flexibility, but also to mention, when you park monies in RA, the amounts you can't see already is gonna be monthly cashflow.
can't surrender out. So get an insurance plan, you can surrender out with certain residual value. So I'd like to suggest this, if I can create an ideal product. Right now, I don't have the critical mass. Maybe one day in future, I could. I would design something like this. Hey, a 2.6% guaranteed interest. Don't be too profite, do 2.6. Because just in case some customers have HDB mortgage loans to pay off at 2.6%, I'd like to create a product that's 2.6% guaranteed.
of just non-guaranteed upside good right better already and everything else is just upside third option for regular payout just in case someone wants a flexible income stream have that flexibility designed into that insurance plan fourth of course have flexibility in redraw work once someone locks up for five years they can fully withdraw or can take out 50 at any time These are certain good considerations to design a
product that is way superior that can help a Singaporean move their CPF or OA monies out after age of 55 and get high returns outside. Hopefully all this makes sense. In order to end things by answering this question, "Hey Josh, everything makes sense what you have mentioned, but why aren't people doing it right now?" Let me answer that also. In current situation with OA and SA, I don't know if you know this, but if you are above of 55 and you want to redraw monies out
you have to take it out from SA first. SA gives you 4.08%. Taking it out is painful. The hurdle rate is high. You're not going to find fixed deposits at 4.08%. That's why for anyone with shielding done properly, they will be thinking it's no point moving my SA out just to access my OA, or much rather buy OA fixed deposits or invest OA into T-bills. That's why the situation is still different but now the new rule is from
♪
