Now it starts with time. In fact, even I did not know about the company. So these are like one to 100 type of companies. If you start growing, they will run like anything. And if they correct, then they can go to zero. Hi guys. Welcome to today's video. So on today's video, I'm going to speak about Indian Artificial Intelligence stocks. Now, most of my bets or AI driven bets are in the US. Now, this is something that I had done earlier. I'm already sitting on very good profits on those bets. And those companies were easy to identify because they were working on like,
mega, trends, mega themes. For example, data libraries are for artificial intelligence. Now, many companies were working on that aspect. So picking those stocks was much easier. But I got a very interesting question from my community member and he asked me that, Hey, Akshat, okay, fine. You have picked like AI driven stocks in the US, but in India, maybe it will be on AI. For a very long period of time, I avoided picking like Indian companies or Indian AI driven stocks, but I'm warming up to the idea that, you know, India may be but there is a type of AI work that will happen in India.
So on this video, I'm going to help you understand what type of AI work will be done in India. Why is that such an important industry and how do you analyze stocks on Indian AI? So I'll pick a case study. I'll help you understand the entire thematics around it. AI stocks are very complicated to understand. So I'll try to simplify the tech as much as possible. So I'll try to make the language very easy to understand. So let us first and foremost understand AI is not a wave. I mean, everyone is talking about AI. Rally-rally is also on AI.
it will be like some kind of pump and dump. See guys, I mean, I don't know whether it will be pump and dump or it will not be pump and dump. It's a tech. It is still one of the prominent techs. Even Apple iPhone 16 should be launched. The entire marketing was done around AI that it was an AI driven phone. Now, is it really like practically being applied, not practically being applied? That's a separate matter of debate. But the larger point here is that even Apple is playing that AI card. Similarly, if you check the newest release by Meta, even that is playing the AI
So therefore, AI as a technology is here to stay. Some of the best AI stocks, if you want to do like broad based investing, they will be in the US. But there are certain themes which will be aligned in India because of a very sensible thing called as data security risk. For example, cyber security based AI companies are healthcare based AI companies. These are very sensitive data sets. And if you start inviting like American companies to do like AI work on these domains, then it could be a problem. So therefore these type of companies, if I'm able to figure out
India. These are the type of companies I might be willing to put some money on. So let us understand and there are essentially six, seven key criteria that I will tell you in terms of analyzing any AI stock. Whichever examples I'm using on this video, please use it as a case study. It's not as if that I have built my position in these. I'm just using it as a reference point to tell you how to analyze the stocks. So if you have any stock, then you can use this framework to analyze it. So let me explain and the seven key concepts. I'll just explain. The first key concept is very simple and
as the concept of innovation curve. Okay. So innovation curve ka matlab hota hai ki basically this is how the innovation works. First, you will see that nothing is happening, right? I mean, any new technology come, for example, internet in the 90s. Kuch kaas tha nahi, there was hardly any application of internet in the 90s, right? And for close to a decade, nothing major happened. Then suddenly so many new companies came in like Yahoo came in, bunch of like streaming platforms, audio streaming, video streaming platform came in and there was a lot of innovation, right? Then again, there was like dullness, right? And then again, there was like massive, you know,
innovation, then again, there will be dullness. So this is called as S curve innovation. Okay. Now the thing is that whenever we hear these type of trendy things, EV, AI, your generative AI, so we get very excited and whatever companies we are getting our hands on, we end up purchasing them. Now, is that the right way of investing? The short answer is no. Basically, your goal should be to wait it out. Look for the fact that whether the technology is getting mature, are we actually using it and then build your positions? That's what any smart investor would be doing.
right. So first is the concept of S-curve. You should be very clear about this. Now the second key concept is to understand the spectrum of the AI. For example, just say meta, now it is doing different type of work. Google, it is doing different type of work. If you're looking at Microsoft, it is doing different type of work within the AI spectrum. Now some of these spectrums might be mature. Some of these spectrums might not be mature. For example, just data libraries generate. That's common sensical that whichever company controls the data libraries, its AI model will be stronger.
because it will be able to create more sophisticated AI models based on that data library. Now, this is a very clear first principles type of thinking that you can apply in order to pick stocks. Now in India, if you have to pick, the issue is that we are not working or the Indian companies are not working on big, big ideas. So to say here we have to pick sensible sub segments in India in the AI space, which will get evolved first. Okay, so this is the most important learning that I will say that you have to pick the right spectrum of AI stocks to begin with. Now you have a company in India
is like trying to compete with Google. I don't think that you know that is a feasible solution or that company will be able to progress much. It will be a much harder bet compared to companies which are doing very niche work. So therefore the second concept that you need to understand the spectrum of AI is very very critical. So let me start talking about a company as a case study and tell you how you can figure out which spectrum is that particular company working on. So for example, here is called Blue Cloud Soft Tech Solution. If you go to the screener and data so you will not find a lot of
data on this company except for like annual report. And in fact, any company that you pick in India right now, it will be like a small pair. For example, this company has a market cap of three and a half thousand crores. So this is a small cap company, a small cap company and a company are working in some innovative things. So you'll not find like a lot of data around it. So what I've done is that I've prepared a note for this company. In case you guys want to research more, you can use that note to get and gather more data. Please consider it as a data gathering exercise. Then you can put the stock on a radar, observe it for a while.
And then you can figure out whether to invest, not invest, all that stuff. Okay. So basically, if you go and Google about this company, read more information about this company, there are certain data things that you will get. But the first critical data point that you need to aggregate is that this is what you are doing. For example, if you go and learn more about Blue Cloud Soft Tech Solutions, what you will notice is that Blue Cloud Soft Tech Solutions is a leading IT solutions provider. It was working on IT now. And it used to specialize on all these things. And now it has started to pivot to AI-based applications.
and within AI also they are focusing on two areas. One is cyber security products and second is healthcare based processes. In fact, if you go to more in-depth in-depth then you will get that this company has launched an app and it is called as True Health App. So basically what it does is that it does non-intrusive medical diagnostics using AI computer vision technology and it has already started making some money from this. So which is an innovative thing that this company is doing.
doing. So just to help you understand that any AI stock that you pick in India right now, basically what you need to do on that is that you need to understand the spectrum of AI where it is working. For example, this particular company is working on cybersecurity. Number two, it is working in the healthcare space using AI for diagnostics. Then the third key point that you need to investigate about a company is and again going back to the concept of S-curve, that the company has to burn a lot of money in order to prove that technology, get to a scale, all that
1 to 100 type of companies. If you start growing, they will run like anything. And if they correct, then they can go to 0. So there is always this type of a risk. So therefore, it is important for you to check the current balance sheet of the company and figure out whether the company can make money or does it have the history of making money or not. So for example, you can see here. So is it a profitable company? Yes, it is a profitable company. It is small cap. So there is no profit. Now it is not started. In fact, even I did not know about the company. So a student of mine messaged me,
investigate more about this company. So in that respect, I picked it up. So from this you can see that the company is making money. It is profitable and it is pivoting to the right set of AI which could gain traction in India. Now, why am I saying that something like healthcare or cybersecurity can get traction in India? Reason more simple. For example, cybersecurity is a work area where foreign intervention is typically not allowed. So you need homegrown AI based companies. Similarly, when it comes to health oriented data. Now health is again a very
critical data point for any country and if aggregation of data is happening, so again, this needs to be indigenized. Indigenized means that we want homegrown Indian companies to be in these critical sectors. So if a company is working on these critical sectors, then automatically there is a little bit of advantage there. But if you are competing on social media based AI, that when you create content and all that stuff by using AI, then honestly, this is not a company that will find any protection within India. And those type of businesses might not be
indigenized. Now, the fourth thing that you need to analyze in terms of any company is the regulation risk. For example, if it is a cybersecurity based AI company or it is working in critical segments or critical sectors like health care, then the chances of regulation are high. Now, this is a risk that we are taking in case you are considering investing in these type of companies. So this is definitely a risk and you should be cognizant of it. But if we step back and take a larger picture, then the entire AI space will be put under a certain policy consideration and there will be
certain framework that will be generated. And this framework also needs to be constantly updated right now. AI is evolving at such a fast pace that it is very difficult to keep a track. But regulation is one area which we cannot be sure of. How many regulations are going to be regulated. But almost every single AI company out there will be regulated. And that is definitely a risk. But if we take a step back and consider, then almost every single country on Earth right now is understanding the power of AI and they want to promote AI. So the chances are that healthier regulations will be built for
AI and this is always a chance that you have to take with tech companies. Then come point number five which is the concentration risk. For example when we go to tech based companies like Microsoft, Amazon etc. you will quickly find out that they have diversified their geographical risk a lot. For example, before America, American customers started to buy from China. Then they came to China. Now they are selling a lot in India. So they have been able to diversify their risk in terms of their customer base and also on top of that their product line extension. So what do you do to search?
You have to look at the business model of the company. Again, it's free note. This is just like data compilation that my team has done. And you can go here and see. And I will show you two things. Number one thing is that if you look at the overall financials, you will see that their total income is growing. There seems to be no issues here per se. But the second and more important point that I wanted to highlight that within the AI space, they are looking at these type of proprietary products. And in products, it's very important that you Google them, because every company
the AI space in India would have like a flagship product. So it's important for you to understand how that app exactly works, how that product exactly works, what is the mode of that product. So understanding that mode is very critical. So I downloaded this app and these are the type of datasets that I was able to find. Now the final point of analysis that you need to keep in mind is the mode analysis or the competitive advantage of the company. Now the thing is that because AI is a very new area, now companies don't start to make mode. For example, you know, Amazon, Meta and all those
mode can understand it. But when it comes to small or mid-cap AI based stocks in India, they have no mode right now. They are trying to build their brand. They are trying to figure out that product market fit. So you don't see massive mode like this. This is a chance that you are taking. So in case you are investing in these type of companies or any AI stock right now in India, almost all of them are at a nascent stage. They are experimenting with their product line. What you need to do is that you need to look at all these four or five key points that I have spoken about, figure out industries where AI,
will find its product market fit in India. For example, healthcare based AI chances are very large. Similarly, cyber security based AI chances are very large. So these are good industries to pick or good sub segments to pick. This may look at how good the product of a company is. Mix of all these points will give you the eventual moat. And hopefully, if you are able to create a basket of these type of 4-5 good AI based stock which are in the small cap, mid cap category, then these will be the type of next TCAS or Infosys type of companies.
found this short video to be insightful. If you did, do press the like button and I'll see you soon.
