These are basic things, you have to know that, you have to know how to dress correctly,
you have to know if you have body odor, you have to know whether you are spitting on people's
face and how to stop it when you are speaking.
If you don't do these things, ladies and gentlemen, you will be in an average life doing
an average job and living an average life.
See you guys are in your, you know, at the threshold of the dreams that you want to achieve,
please sit down, it's going to be slightly longer.
And you know, you guys are going to actually determine how the environment around you is
going to progress along with you.
You must know that at no point in your life is something impossible, at no point.
You could be in a place, you could be born and brought up in a place like Bihar, like
I have done and be a beginner star to come and talk to people in Coimbatore as a star.
Or you could be in the industry like the Tamil and Telugu industry and be known as the most
exciting director, Rajamouli suddenly decides that he can make a film which is, if not better,
but at par with Hollywood and he does that staying in India and he hits the ball right
out of the park.
He becomes historic in just that one moment.
There is a huge lesson to be learned on things like that.
Everybody keeps saying success is when you, when the right opportunity meets the right
preparation, right?
So you can't have the right preparation by being the engineer that you want to be and
you keep looking out for that right opportunity.
But what makes the right opportunity and the right preparation come together?
When does that synergy happen for you to be prepared for it?
Because like they say, if you're prepared but you don't get the opportunity, it's useless.
If you have the opportunity, you're not prepared, it's not useless.
But they have to meet at a point, right?
And that meeting happens because you will it to happen, because you want it so badly to
happen.
I could be walking down any street, I could be anybody, but why did that one director
come and meet me and wanted me to act in that television series?
If you look at every next step in my career, I have never prepared for it.
I have never imagined that this could happen.
I never imagined that Maniratnam will call me.
How would Maniratnam know about a guy who's doing a television series and Bombay without
even seeing one episode of mine?
So let's come back to that one point that happens, the synergy that happens between
the right opportunity and the right preparation.
And that happens when you have what is called situational awareness.
So let me tell you a little bit about situational awareness.
Situational awareness is when as in the army, they say you're completely aware of what is
happening around you at all times.
So as I was saying, the situational awareness happens when you're completely aware of everything
that is going around you at all times and you should be able to do that.
When we are in the army and if you're walking down the ground, parade ground, anybody who's
involved with the defense will know what I'm saying is the truth.
And if there's an officer walking away from the other side of the ground, you have to
stop and salutam and say Ram Ram sirji or whatever is the call of the unit.
If you don't, they'll give you a brick in your hand and you have to shave with that
break.
So thank you, that's awesome.
So the situational awareness is because you should know when the enemy is around you or
when there is danger around you.
You know how that is taught to you from when you're a child that's taught to you in the
form of good manners, in the form of being courteous.
So when you say a good morning or you're seeing a good afternoon or you're looking around
and helping a teacher who's carrying a book and being aware that she needs help or you're
watching around and stepping over a train and not tripping on yourself, you should know
that you're fairly envolved in the form of, in the art of situational awareness.
That's why people insist on teaching children good manners.
And anybody who has good manners, it's not just a desire, it's not the desire just to
be considered to be a polite guy, but the ability to know when somebody needs to be
reached, somebody needs help, somebody needs a assistance or somebody has to run away.
And that's why you teach your child good manners.
And I will tell you today from the bottom of my heart, I might not be completely worthy
of some of the opportunities that I got, but I grabbed it like hell and I got those opportunities
simply because I was a very well-mannered person.
I was abled, yeah, so, and with that manner with the way you walk with your gait, the
kind of words that you use, it's very common to use normal languages when you're friends
and everything, but most people don't even have a vocabulary.
The reason I started those classes in, in Kolhapur was so that I had my friends who
came to me and said, "Maddy, we are very good engineers, buddy, we're really good
at what we're doing."
But the problem is I can't speak in English, I can't speak in Marathi.
So when they come from Tatas and Kirloskar campus selections, I'm not able
to communicate to them.
They don't even observe a Kolharpuri boy wearing a terry cotton pant and a shirt and
wearing chappals and don't even consider that he's a good, he could be a good engineer.
So when I said the fault lies with you guys, this is you have to break the clutter, nobody
is going to come and say, "Hey, you know what, maybe you're going to let me give
you a shot."
You have to be noticed in that very first instant and for two reasons, one is that either you
should know what is your good, what is a good profession for you, if you're not able to
make an impression, then quickly change it.
This is not the be all and end all, the engineering or whichever subject that you choose to major
in, when you're in college, does not literally have to be your lifelong profession.
But give it a shot, at least know if that is a profession that you really want to pursue
and excel in because that's the only way you'll survive is if you excel in it, if you excel
in it to such an extent that you think, sleep, dream, eat, breathe that particular job.
And I do that with acting and I'm telling you, I do not know what else, I would have
been a really bad soldier because I would have, because I think I'm a really good actor,
I'm involved completely 100% of the time, I'm doing research, if I have free time, I'm
going to YouTube and finding out what is a different method of acting, I just do that
with a passion.
If you're not doing that for your profession, know that you're in a secondary profession.
Know that you're doing something which is not, which the lord has not made you to achieve
glory in.
So you have to give it that shot.
Now what I'm trying to tell you is that Kolhapuri, friends of mine, who then came to me and
I said, okay, let's try and see if we can change that.
So at five o'clock in the morning, they would come to my room, we'll go to the terrace and
I started teaching them how to present themselves in the interview, things that I had the good
fortune of doing because I had many interviews and many group discussions to attend.
And then I started with basic things on how to shake hands, how to look somebody in the
eye and speak, how do you introduce yourself, how do you shake hands with a lady as opposed
to a man, how do you speak on a phone, what is dining table etiquette, what's telephone
etiquette, what's when do you use a shrimp fork or a salad fork or a duck, people might
think I might don't require that, I'm never going to work on those things, I'm doing my
father's business.
But you never know, that is the preparation that you make to make that quantum leap in
your careers.
These are basic things, you have to know that, you have to know how to dress correctly,
you have to know if you have body odor, you have to know whether you're spitting on people's
face and how to stop it when you're speaking.
If you don't do these things, ladies and gentlemen, you will be in an average life doing
an average job and living an average life.
Having said that, I'm not saying that is wrong, that could be your calling.
My father is very happy living that sort of a life, because they don't live in extremes.
But if you have a passion and if you have a desire to be exceptional, if you have a desire
to be seen apart from the crowd, then this is the bare minimum thing you should do.
So when these guys went for the interview the next time in Kolhapur, I made it a point
to call the Tatas and say, "Hey, you know what, what is wrong?" because I'm from Jamshedpur
from the Tata Steel town, I knew the officers, I needed a senior gentleman, I said, "Sir,
you know, these friends of mine are extraordinary engineers.
The mere reason why you're not taking them is because they don't know how to present
themselves in English.
How long is it going to take for you to send somebody who knows Marathi in your panel so
that they can actually judge and see if these guys are good enough for Tata Steel.
Do you need good people who speak in English or do you need somebody who are good engineers?"
And he agreed, he actually sent people from Maharashtra and for the first time in the
history of Kolhapur, we had five guys getting into Tata Steel and Kirloshar.
And I just wanted to say that I don't, I'm not taking credit for it, it is just, I just
felt bad because it is just small three day push that they required to achieve that.
So when they were interviewed, they said, four years of learning engineering, one side
and those three days with Maddy, we became engineers and successful today because of
those three days.
And what I am teaching you is nothing extraordinary, it is simple stuff, it's the norm, it's the
way of the world.
So yes, we are all radicals yet, I mean you guys are very awesome students, you are sitting
there quietly listening to me, we used to make a ruckus, if somebody came to give a speech.
But the idea is that you have to connect to the audiences that you are speaking to, public
speaking and group discussion skills can be taught in 15 minutes.
I used to challenge my students that I should check and see, I will hold each and every one of your
attention for 15 minutes because I will say such relevant stuff that you will be forced
to pay attention to me.
And that's how you make an impression, that's how you break the clutter, that's how you
get seen in this world and that's how you can achieve glory for yourself and this wonderful
nation that you are part of.
