- Thank you for that presentation.
And please don't call me ma'am, I'm your age, I think.
How old is everybody here, maximum?
I just turned 23, so we're the same age.
Whoo!
Thank you so much for having me.
I'm very, very happy to be here
and addressing this crowd who's,
I consider you as my friends, all of you,
because we're the same age.
I don't know, I don't know where to start.
So I am a student myself, I just finished my graduation,
and all I want to say is that this life
that you're living right now, your college life,
this life is your most important period.
You should really, really focus on your college life
because what I did is I missed out on my college years
because I was very busy practicing kickboxing
and karate and mixed martial arts, I had no time.
My college was two hours away from where I used to live.
I am not really from proper Bombay,
I am from this place called Kalyan,
which is sort of at the outskirts of Bombay.
So I used to travel to us for my college,
but I had no time because I had to focus more on my sports.
That was my first priority always.
So I missed out on my college days,
I did not go for college festivals,
I did not have a group of friends,
you know, all these groupies, homies?
I didn't have no homies, I was alone,
and I had only one best friend, and that's it,
that's my college life, and I really, really
feel sad that I missed out on it.
But then I focused on sports, and that is how,
that is how I got really rich, that is how,
everything happened, that is how my life changed.
And if you have something in life that you really,
really like, if you have a special talent,
or if your heart is into something else,
I will not say that completely neglect studies
do not ever neglect studies, I'm a graduate, yo, okay?
Don't neglect studies, but then focus on
what you're really, really good at,
and make that your strong point,
because that's what I did as well.
And I also believe that, in life, no matter what you do,
every day, give you a 100%, because you never know
what's coming for you, you never know
what's the next step, right?
I don't know how Iruthi Suttru came to me,
Madhu saw me fighting, I wasn't even aware
that he's looking at me, I just gave my best shot,
and he's like, who's this girl?
She's good, and I'm like, okay, so I'm doing a film,
I was very happy, so that's how it happened for me,
and when Iruthi Suttru started, I don't even know Tamil,
I don't even speak Tamil, it was a very new thing
for me to do, acting, I've never done it before,
I've never even, I've never done, actually,
I've never done this, like, talk to people and face cameras,
so that's why I look really bad sometimes in pictures,
I'm always like, because I don't know
the camera is on me, I get really awkward, so yeah,
so I just gave my 100%, that's it, that's all I do.
What else do I have to say?
Yeah, do not fall for bad things,
I know at age 22, 23, 21, we get attracted towards things
that are sort of negative, towards negative people
who try to be very smart and play with us,
I've been played many times, yeah, I've been played a lot,
but I'm learning, I still am played with every day,
but I learn from my experiences,
that's what's the most important thing in life,
learn from your mistakes, don't just let mistakes happen
and then you know, they'll happen again
because you're not learning, so learn,
and you know what, don't do drugs, please,
don't do drugs, and alcohol and all, I've never,
can you believe this, I'm such a nice kid,
I've never touched alcohol, I've never touched a cigarette
in my entire life, and drugs never, thank you.
Thank you, I've never done it,
because I had something that was very important in my life
and that was my sports, as a sports person,
if I do all that, I lose my career, I lose my life,
and what else, yeah, work out, work out every day,
like go for a run, go for a jog, whatever, work out,
because I think that your body, your body is your best,
is your best accessory, you don't need no earrings,
jackets, clothes, if you have a hot body, right?
So, I'm so sorry, you're my God.
So just, you know, exercise, because your body
is your best accessory, so make sure you work on it
every day, eat good food, I also love junk food,
I'm a huge McDonald's fan, but then,
I have to sometimes control, not because I'm in films,
not because I'm an actress, because I'm a human,
and my body supports me every day of my life,
I've been living happily, since 23 years, okay?
Because my body has supported me so well,
so it's your time to give something back to your body,
your body deserves it, okay, so eat well, work out,
and stay focused, don't fall for bad things,
because you never know what life will throw at you next,
maybe something very good, something very big
and huge and positive is waiting for you,
but you don't see it, and you get,
you get demotivated by singals not working for you,
don't let that happen, stay positive always.
