So first of all, thank you very much for having me here.
At the Inspire series, it's worked dramatically.
I'm already inspired to be addressing
this really August intellectual gathering
of people from Harvard, a place that my mother
thought I will never reach.
But you know what, a lot of people
have spoken before me and eloquently
and described their dreams for India
and given figures and facts that either are skeptical
and like Mr. Omar says, aspirational.
But I'm just an actor.
And I'm going to just give you my dream shamelessly.
Because that's the thing that I can do best.
And by that, I mean, when we talk of dreams,
we have one of our greatest scientists and philanthropist,
Dr. Abdul Kalam.
And he said something which is very interesting.
He said, dreams are not what you have when you sleep.
The true dreams are the ones that don't let you sleep.
He said, when you have that dream once, it's a dream.
When you have it twice, it becomes a desire.
And when you see it for the third time, consequently,
it becomes a passion and aim and a goal.
And that is the passion with which I
want to see this fantasy that I have for India 2030.
And Abraham Lincoln also was a dreamer.
And you know, but he said one thing that makes most sense
in trying to achieve this goal that I have dreamt
for my nation.
He said, if I have six hours to cut down a tree,
then I will spend the first four hours sharpening the axe.
There's a great philosophy in that.
In this era of instant gratification,
we just keep thinking we can achieve all these goals
by just tweaking this, tweaking that it's not true.
I really believe that a missionary zeal is required
to make that quantum change that can make 2030 what I'm dreaming
about right now.
And just let's look at India as a country.
What a unique, unique nation, seriously.
Thousands of years old of culture and tradition,
many, many invasions being ruled for many years.
And we still somehow managed to maintain our identity.
We still somehow have managed to maintain our Indianness,
our beliefs of faith.
And you know, yeah, there has been--
we have our drawbacks.
There is corruption, there is violence,
there is differences between the different religions
and sects and caste and everything.
But I can't help but think, looking at India
at the geography, that we're not doing really that bad.
Look at all the other nations around in the world.
Look at our neighbors.
Compared to that, there is somebody in India
who's doing something right for us
to be called a growing economy and being projected
as the third largest economy in 2026
and the most educated and young nation in the world.
And it's still functional democracy.
So let's first accept the fact that there is somebody--
some people in India with the right ideas--
and the ability to lead the nation to where we are today.
Under that assumption--
Under that assumption, we are also
very capable of finding very unique solutions
to the problems that generally the world faces.
And one of them, of course, is the fact
that we found freedom through non-violence and non-cooperation.
Who would have thought that was possible?
We have some other--
no, seriously.
I mean, it was as radical of thought then as it is today.
And one man in a loincloth with belief in faith
and complete conviction was able to do that for us.
Mahatma Gandhi.
And it's an amazing country of people
like Mahavir, Gautam Buddha, and Mahatma Gandhi,
and then Bhagat Singh, who also had a dream.
He dreamed then, 85 years ago, that I dream of an India
where no infant cries for the want of milk.
No youngster is deprived of relevant education.
And no youth goes door-to-door finding a job.
Sadly, it's still a dream today.
And I dream of a 2030 when this dream becomes irrelevant.
I dream of a 2030 when everybody is so equally satisfied
with what they're doing that they're
able to actually devote more time back
to art and culture, which is another great important aspect
of our country.
Now, we need to be a-- for that to happen,
we need to be a healthy nation.
And when I say healthy, I remember
preparing for a film of mine, which released recently,
where I had to look like a boxer.
And I had these biceps and triceps that had to be there.
So I decided just to work on the parts that
is seen outside my clothes.
So I was just working out on my biceps and my triceps
and my shoulders.
But you know what?
I suddenly realized the strength that I had in my arms
and biceps was not actually enough to form
it look even fit because it is disproportionate growth.
It is the kind of growth that will not make you fit or strong,
but actually make you look inadequate.
And that is what is happening to India today.
Everybody says we are the largest economy in the--
we're going to be the most populated country in the years
to come with economic superpower and supremacy
in rocket and space technology, which I am privy to.
And then IT giants and smarter cities.
But ladies and gentlemen, I really believe
that more than smarter cities, we require smart villages.
And this is going to be primarily what I talk about today.
You know, a nation is only as strong as its weakest link.
And rural India is our weakest link.
See, it's important that growth and progress
goes hand in hand with villages also
getting onto the same train towards economic freedom,
super-poweredom, all the terms that
have been coined for a successful country.
But that is not happening.
The reason being, we are beginning to ignore them.
We're beginning to actually believe that--
this is a very interesting line that I've found where they say
that everybody believes that they know what
is required for getting the underprivileged and the poor
up to speed with the rest of the country.
And we always start assuming that this is what they want.
This is how we can help the poor and the villages,
and this is what they need.
And we can't be more wrong.
Because when you assume, and as the spelling goes,
you make an ass of you and me.
I'm going to tell you how that happened to a friend of mine.
His name is-- he's a very profound doctor, a gastroenterologist.
And he got a call from his patient, Mr. Abdul, who said,
Dr. Saab, my wife is really, really ill.
And she's got a big stomach ache.
And she can't sit and she can't sleep.
And she's in big pain.
Can I come and visit you?
And he said, yeah, by all means.
And like all patients today, he has done his research.
He's gone into the internet.
And he said,
The doctor said, don't worry, let me handle it.
And he checked her out.
And he said she has infected appendix.
So I have to do a surgery, and she'll be fine.
The surgery was done.
He was fine, and Abdul was a happy man.
One year later, he calls back the doctor and says,
sir, my wife has got a stomach ache.
Please do the appendix operation.
She'll be fine.
So the doctor said, Dr. Manu said, listen,
that I am the doctor, let me diagnose.
But I have to please bring her to the clinic,
and we'll fix it up.
But he said, No, no, sir fix up that operation date.
We'll do it in half an hour, and we'll be back.
Just she needs a appendix removed.
So now he's losing his patients.
He says, let me do the diagnosis.
Abdul, bring her to the clinic.
And he's still insisting, and finally the doctor
lost it, and he said, listen, I am the doctor.
And let me tell you that every human being has only one
appendix, and I have already taken out the appendix.
So please don't tell me how to do my job.
Abdul waited very patiently for the doctor
to finish with his assumptions.
And then he's shot back very meekly.
He says, sir, I agree with you.
Every human being can have one appendix,
but a man can have two wives, right?
So when we start assuming what the rural India needs,
we do what I think is most dangerous.
In my vast experiences of shooting
in really rural India and villages and small cook
gramins, like they call it in Tamil, really small places,
I realized shockingly that the biggest financial burden
for a person of this particular village,
would you all be able to guess what
his biggest financial burden is?
Five minutes?
Hey, so I'm going to speak for 20 today.
I'm going to reduce the number of questions.
I'm prepared.
Is that OK?
OK, so can you all tell me anybody?
Quick answers, anybody know which
is the biggest financial burden for a man
in one of these small villages?
Sorry?
Tap.
Health, OK?
No, not health, not the marriage of a daughter,
not education, not-- sorry? liquor.
Thank you for reminding me.
No.
Say it again?
Dowry?
No.
No.
No.
No.
Oh, let me put you out of your misery.
No, I'm saying, what does a need financial assistance
for?
The answer is the untimely death of a relative of a senior
in their family.
That is the one occasion he can't prepare for.
That is one occasion where the ceremony demands
that he spend a certain amount of money,
feed a certain amount of people, use the funeral expenditure,
and that's where he takes the loan,
and that's where he gets indebted.
And that's where to escape that particular embarrassment
and humility of not having the ability
to perform the function every year,
as a specter of the Indian tradition,
that he decides to leave the village,
because he's made to feel inadequate.
Lord Macaulay, in 1735, had spoken in the British Parliament
and said the only way to rule India
is to make the men there feel inadequate.
He said, and truly so, that unless he
feels that what he has is lesser than what others have,
you will not be able to rule him.
And within a very short period, they proved themselves right.
The rule India today is feeling inadequate.
They're feeling like they're not even part of our country.
And what happens with that is they start then
looking at opportunities and villages
and saying better education, better health, better lifestyle,
and no humility for not having performed the funeral properly,
they decide to give up who they are and move to the cities.
And who they are is what is more important for us
to understand.
Who they are are actually the time keepers
and the book keepers of our deep, rooted traditional culture
and stories.
You should see how tradition and culture
flourishes in a happy village in India.
We don't have psychiatrists as a big fashion thing in India,
and they still manage to maintain a great level of sanity.
There's a great phrase from the poem
if by Rudyard Kipling, where it says, dream,
but not make dreams your master think,
but not make thoughts your aim.
Meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two
impostors just the same.
It's very easy to say it.
But how do you treat those two impostors just the same?
The answer lies in the tradition and the culture and the books
and the epics that are so prominent and predominant
in our country, the Bhagavad Gita, the Koran,
the interpretation of that in the subcontinent, the Bible,
the Guru Gran Sahib, the granny stories.
And you know how to handle the diversities
and the setbacks, and you're able to sit back,
assemble, reassemble yourself, come back and fight
with the same glory again.
And we don't give, when you don't give a villager that,
you're depriving him, we're depriving ourselves
of what I think is one of the most important survival tool
in today's world, which is the culture and tradition.
So I dream of a 2030 where rural India is as developed
as the rest of the world, is as aspirational
as the rest of India, where the villager
is provided with the same opportunities
as it is available in the cities.
And after a hard day's work, a villager is actually able
to come back, sit down, have a drink, put his feet up,
and start thinking about art and culture and poetry.
That would be a dream that I have for 2030,
a practical dream that I have for 2030.
And the dreams that your parents and my parents had
when we were in college, urban middle class,
where everything rolled around the boy,
studying hard, getting into a technical college
of a repute, and then getting into a reputed management's
college, and finally, the green card.
And if it was the girl, then it was a spouse
with a green card.
Our dream of a 2030, where students the world over,
will dream of a blue card.
Will dream of having once actually come to India
and study and imbibe the knowledge that we have
as a nation.
It used to be true.
We were the first university in the world.
Nalanda was a university where people came in
from far and wide.
So it's not a pipe dream.
It's a practical dream that I have,
and I think that's easily, easily attainable.
And finally, before I wind up,
I think our dream of a 2030,
where we have a meritocratic electoral base,
which selects its leaders and whose leaders believe
that it is more important to serve,
to put a missionary zeal,
to serve the nation rather than rule it.
You know, there is just another stanza from the same poem,
which says that if they have the ability
to talk to the crowds, yet keep your virtue,
walk with kings, nor lose the common touch.
If neither good friends nor fodx can hurt you,
yet all men count with you, but none too much.
If only the politicians understood the gist of that line,
we would have a progressive country by 2030,
where we'll all be proud of not just the way
the country is running, but also proud about our politicians.
And finally, you know, I'm an actor.
And the dream that I have for myself is that in 2030,
I'm as relevant, I'm as handsome hopefully,
but if age was to catch up,
then they probably would have mapped my face by then
and used technology to make me look as young or old
as the role desired me to look,
and I'm still able to romance the pretty young things
that will be part of the industry in 2030.
- Well, I see that's got many guys going, ham?
And finally, as an actor, I'm used and prone to dialogues.
I love to speak dialogues, and I suddenly,
I recently found a line that blew me apart,
and I thought it was a phenomenal Hindi film dialogue,
where this great gentleman has said
that whatever I am today, and all the achievements
that have been, that has been possible by me,
and what will eventually also be possible by me
in the near future, is all because of my angel mother.
Do you know who said that?
Do you know who said that?
Shockingly, Abraham Lincoln.
So I dream of a 2030, where every Indian says
the exact same thing about his mother,
and not just about his mother, but also about his motherland.
And also, for the sake of posterity,
what is mother-in-law?
But hey, ladies and gentlemen, what do I know?
I am an actor.
Thank you very much for your patience hearing, and...
