"As a kid, how you worked, there was a spark in your eyes. Do you see the spark now, or only sparks of anger, sparks of misery? I feel like telling them, pulling their cheeks and pulling their ears and saying, 'Hey, come on, laugh! Smile! Life is so short to enjoy, to be happy here. Why are we so miserable holding on to the past? It's anyway gone, right?' If you can see the entire past as a dream, as a movie that's gone, something happens within you; you become aware inside. You have to simply blow the past for a minute and come to the moment. Life springs up! You know, in life there are good times, bad times. Who did not have bad times? Who did not have good times? Tell me, everybody gets some good time back, right? Look back and see, didn't you have difficult times five years back, three years back, ten years back? Yes, but you still survived. You will survive this also; you will move on. 

Looking at your own experience, your own life, you will get the confidence to wake up. It gives you the confidence, 'Hey, I can do it!' Second, invoke the valor inside of you. Come what may, I will manage it. I'll see I have the energy, the strength, the power within me, the trust in the energy, the power that you have is the second option. Third is, you know anyway everything will go one day. Whether you are successful, you will die; whether you are a failure, you will die. Everybody is going to die; everything is going to finish. The curtain is going to come down on the play, however the play was, whether it was tragedy or comedy. However it was, just be a witness to your own life and its events. That can keep your smile and your life force alive.

The fourth thing is, know that you are not alone. There is a higher power which is so kind, so compassionate for you, and it's holding your hands. It has done it in the past. So, whatever you call it—God, the higher self, or just consciousness—whatever you call it, there is a power, that's all. 

[Applause] You know, all that you want to know, you cannot know. You cannot know about love; you can only feel it. You cannot know about joy; that only you can experience. Every mature scientist says, 'What I know is very little; what I don't know is huge.' And any philosopher you ask will say, 'Well, I don't know.' So life is a journey from an ugly 'I don't know' to a beautiful 'I don't know.' 

[Music] See, when you are angry, what do you say? 'I don't know.' When you are frustrated, you come up and say, 'I don't know.' But that journey has to move from a frustrated 'I don't know' to a beautiful 'I don't know.' All that is worth in life. You cannot understand love; you cannot understand it. I can talk to you for two hours about love, but the little dog in your home will convey it to you in 30 seconds. You can only see through your eyes, not through your ears. You can't taste through your nose. Similarly, love can only be felt in the sixth sense, not through sight, touch, taste, smell, and sound.

You know, when the tsunami happened, nobody gave a warning, but all the animals left the seashore three hours before. They climbed; they went up the hill. So no animal was lost, but human beings were lost because animals sometimes use their sixth sense. We do have it, but we don't use it because we are so caught up in day-to-day things. You know, we are all the time thinking, thinking, thinking, and we don't let the sixth sense come up inside of us. 

Today, earlier I was told there is recent research which says, um, the more screen time you spend, the less creative you become. Because when you are looking at the screen, you don't blink, and if you don't blink your eyes, you become less creative. And then you can explore within. This body of ours has tremendous potential. Your intuitive ability can make your life so much easier, better. What do you need in life? Intuition, intelligence, being an innovative species, being creative—all these three come when we do some meditation. And that is why meditation is so important; it just helps us to get our mind free from all the shackles we put around the mind. 

See, meditation is an effortless process. Usually, we think, 'Oh, we have to concentrate.' No, whatever thoughts come, let them come. Then you start relaxing, relaxing, then you reach a space deep within you. Spend a little more time and meditate; you will explore different dimensions in your own universe, in your own life. 

[Applause] Fear, love, and hatred form a triangle. When there is love, there is no fear. When there is fear, then there is no love. When there is hatred, there is no love and no fear. Okay, what can help you to get over fear is your breath. Breathing from the back of the throat will help you to stabilize. 

I would like you to make one resolution: drop all your worries here. You go back with a big smile and spread smiles all around. Yeah, this is needed today, right? 

[Music] 

[Foreign] 

[Music] 

[Music] 

[Foreign]"