The lines will be so blurry that it will not matter where it comes from, because only the content that will matter there will not be South actors north actors it will all be about Indian cinema growing and I'm telling you we as Indian entertainment industry are going to be a very huge or probably one of probably the biggest players in the next decade.
Good afternoon everybody thank you I'd like to thank the entire media for being here and taking this event to the hearts of the people thank you very much and it's an absolute delight to direct us to the national media for the first time in my life.
It's a great moment for me thank you thank you very much and I am pretty positive and I will keep seeing you a lot more in the future thank you.
That's so nice of you sir that's so nice of you a brilliant human being a wonderful dancer brilliant actor so what is that one thing that you see in a movie before signing you know a movie what is that one.
The intention the intention and what you're doing the film for are you doing for the money are you doing it for the release are you doing it for the audience the intention is above all.
Unfortunately sir because of the unfortunate circumstances this took a lot of time you know what worked like yeah what do you have to say on that sir you know.
It's a very difficult film to shoot we were shooting this film in a forest and we were a crew of almost 500 people and the logistics to provide 500 people food accommodation sanitation all this was very very difficult in a remote forest area.
So it is a very difficult to shoot a film to shoot especially during the COVID times it's so many COVID restrictions.
I think I would always I said it earlier also this this one Pushpa film was equal to four films effort.
First of all I'd like to thank the audience all over the north for receiving south films and making it so big.
Not just about watching south films in not just about watching south films in the north.
We equally also admire Bollywood you know Hindi cinema we've always been admiring it for years for many many years.
We also invite Hindi cinema to dub into our languages and come and we will be there to support your films also it is not about you know south cinema or north cinema it's about Indian cinema.
I think we all will grow together as the biggest cinema in the world in the years to come as Indian cinema.
Thank you.
This is the first time in spite of your movies working so well on satellite working so well online theatrically this is the first time your Pan India film coming.
So henceforward like you have icon releasing there is icon and there's probably a Koratala Siva movie also.
Henceforth is every Allu Arjun movie going to be a Pan India film mean there is no doubt about it there's no option.
Preferably I'd like to make it everything Pan India because not just about Pan India I'm saying why we would be sticking to that.
You know maybe somebody else wants to watch it somewhere you know people in other countries maybe Sri Lanka neighboring countries Pakistan other countries want to watch it.
We don't know you know languages no barrier for cinema so I think we should just go for I would say more than Pan India.
I would say we should go for a multi language release and see how far we can go as Indian cinema.
Hi hello you look so pretty and beautiful yet you portrayed the character it is a deglam character.
So did you have any inhibitions inhibitions no I think I had no inhibitions when it came to I knew I was playing a different character.
I knew that I had to pour my heart soul sweat everything into this character because this is like I keep saying this is a whole different world that we're entering.
And when you know actors like sirs doing such hard work and you know I'm getting this opportunity to you know work with sir.
I can't have inhibitions and be like oh my god do I look pretty do I look bad do I look this.
I have to worry about the performance I'm like am I am I doing a good job am I doing that is it coming through.
Is this character staying strong what is happening.
So for me it was all about performance in this film and I think once the audience see it on the 17th I think it'll come through and please give us your reviews.
Allu Arjun and ma'am to second that I'd like to speak about how Rashmika performed and what is it.
I truly appreciate Rashmika Ji port you know performing like this and taking up such a challenging role it is a little rustic role and it's not a very conventional glamorous role.
It is quite challenging and like you said I was fearing if would she feel that she's not looking good because that is a very huge factor that plays on the mind and if your mind is not clear the performance will not be clear.
But then after she landed on the set and she worked she started working.
I think she had the mindset that this film is this and we have to justify this film and she did a wonderful performance and I couldn't have performed if not for help her help because every artist should compliment you for your performance.
She performed so well it is very very comforting and it was very complimentary to work with such a wonderful artist tomorrow I'm sure you all will appreciate her performance.
She can't speak for herself but I can definitely speak for her because I've seen her perform on front of my eyes.
And the song that we just witnessed you know you performed exactly like a stone man guy you know yet you look so sexy.
Thank you.
So yeah of course and I was just going to ask you I was after that I'll ask you I mean you look so handsome and good hunk.
Why don't you do a romantic role also.
My previous film was a romantic role.
Okay coming back to the song I was asked the gestures that you did you know.
Reminded me of so much of Rajni sir that small small nuances so will there be a comparison with the Thalaivaa?
Ma'am more than comparison I'll say it's more of an influence because I was born brought from Chennai.
So obviously I have a lot of subconscious absorption from big superstars like Rajni sir like Kamal sir you know that's why if you see I'm very perform.
Like if you notice that then I you know then I came to Hyderabad, Mr Chiranjeevi was my own uncle.
You know when I see him he dances really well and there are his nuances.
So I think you know subconsciously when you were as a child when you grow up seeing these people you absorb them and they're subconsciously in your mind.
Not that I'm very consciously wants to do it.
If it came across like that also I don't have an issue and I think maybe you can say maybe it's a tribute for them.
In a way my respects for them in a way.
Today Wikipedia says Allu Arjun is an Indian actor who primarily works in a particular industry or Rashmika Mandana is an Indian actress who primarily works.
I think there is an insane amount of respect and appreciation for all kinds of films.
I have seen that you know from the time I've been here I've seen that we have welcomed all kinds of movies and I'm not saying about us.
I'm talking about the Indian audience why I speak to you.
There's a friend who's an RJ in Punjab who told me that listen please tell them that we are excited to watch the movie.
I have a nine-year-old niece who told me when Siti Mar released that you know it's allu versus Sallu.
I said how did you know.
So these are things when you say that you am I really people do really people love me that much.
There is an insane amount of love maybe which you will get to see with this film.
I want to do you see the changing shifts in the industries and the respect that is given to each other.
Let us speak for that.
I think there is an extreme as in the last decade I think we've seen such a shift in cinema in our field.
I've just entertained the scene in four years but I've seen so much happening before I entered and when
I'm a part of Indian cinema now and I can't be proud of it.
I couldn't have entered a better time you know I think this is the perfect time that I'm in the industry because I see
like you said the languages are you know merging together but having Pan India releases.
It's going to be like sir said Indian films rather than South India film or you know a Bollywood film.
It's not going to do that anymore in a couple of years I think it's just going to be Indian cinema.
You know probably we're going to go globally you know dubbing our film in their languages.
So we just need to see the reach I think we should always experiment with that but I think it's fascinating
and it's super it's amazing to see all people just appreciate content now.
People just want good content you know people want good filmmaking and when you give it people appreciate it and they make their own.
It's a very wonderful question that you asked by the way.
You should see cinema how it's running how the trends have been running over the last 10 years like I'm saying in the 2000s.
You know it's a very clear back between the South cinema and North cinema you know let's be honest about it.
And then if you see the entire 2010s you know the bridges you know there's been beautiful bridges thanks to people like Manishji you know who have bridged those gaps.
And now everybody's getting familiar with each other cinema and I'm telling you from the next decade onwards from the 2020s the lines will be so blurry that it will not matter where it comes from.
Because only the content that will matter there will not be South actors North actors it will all be about Indian cinema growing and I'm telling you with wonderful platforms that are open like OTTs.
There's so many set of new filmmakers, directors, actors, technicians you know this has opened up amazing horizons for us in entertainment industry.
We as Indian entertainment industry not just cinema we as Indian entertainment industry are going to be a very huge or probably one of probably the biggest players in the next decade and I'm very positive as a country we will go up.
But you know you know you know in one of your earlier interviews you had mentioned that you know Hindi film in your filmography is very important.
Sorry can you build a little loud. You had mentioned earlier that a Hindi film in your filmography is very important for you.
Have has there been offers that you have considered or probably now like you said you know the lines are blurring.
Do you want to do a pure Bollywood film.
Absolutely I love Hindi cinema.
You know somehow I sometimes I even I use the word but I don't like to use that word Bollywood as much as possible because you know it sounds like second to Hollywood. And we are no less then anybody else.
Kissy say come May.
So I like to say Hindi cinema.
So even by habit you sometimes you know I say Bollywood but I keep going as like no say Hindi cinema.
B.C. say come May.
Coming back to your question I have I love Hindi cinema. I love Hindi music.
I appreciate them so much like I definitely be a great moment in my life to do a straight Hindi film and it will be a very it will be a landmark point of my career and I want to make it I want to make the best choice possible.
And to just answer what you said there have been people who ask for films here and there but nothing very excited nothing very exciting.
So I think slowly you know we're being having soft talks like if you can do something how is it to mount up something big because even the people who are coming they are also saying that when we have to come to you we have to come with something solid.
So I think once everything falls into place I think I will try to plan with maybe a little help of Allu Arundgaru if he helps. just joking.
I think we'll try to come up with something big and you know make it memorable. Thank you.
Thank you so much my dear Rashmika it was a pleasure working with you.
You know you know everybody calls her national crush.
You know I've heard of people who are calling her national crush so I simply cutely teaser on stage as like, oh please come Crushmika. National Crush plus Rashmika. 
Thank you so much and I hope you all like and we all I'm hoping that we touch your hearts with Pushpa.
