situations are happening around us,
not all situations will ever happen the way we want it,
because situation is not just me,
situation is so many people involved, so many forces involved,
all of them need not happen my way,
but if I am happening my way, I am blissful, okay?
Now, coming to intention, you know,
like you say that your thought is something that
when you give it out to the universe, like the law of attraction, the ask
you're reading all these American books.
I've read, you know, engineering as well, but
so it just makes me curious about these things.
When you say the law of attraction where you ask, believe, and receive,
anything that is sent out to the universe in a positive direction
or in a constant direction rather happens, you know,
because they say that you design your destiny,
you design your life, like you just happen to say that, you know,
your conscious efforts, you can have control over your life.
Now, coming to intentions, now what if someone's,
I mean, you're sending out a positive signal, great, what if someone is...
No, I did not agree with it, you made a theory, there are lots of holes.
Okay, okay, so well, my question, you did not agree to it, so my question is,
if someone is sending out, okay, you want your life to be a certain way,
you send out positive signals, which is great, but...
To whom?
To the universe, to the universe.
Which direction? Up or down?
That's what I'm asking, how does the law of attraction work?
Does it really work?
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
So what works? How do you design your life?
Law of attraction is something that happens between opposites.
Yes, whether two magnets or two, you know,
two opposites, male and female or whichever way.
Law of attraction is always between opposites, isn't it?
From North Pole to South Pole to this and that, it is working like that.
Right.
Now you're talking about the universe.
So that means you are an alien to this universe?
Part of the universe.
If it's part of the universe, what is there to be attracted about?
Well, how... why do they say then you can design your own destiny?
You can.
You can determine your destiny, you should.
That's what being human means.
Right.
See, if you had come here like any other creature on this planet,
they have compulsive cycles.
They live by that. It's okay for them, because that's all they're capable of.
Once you have come as a human being, everything that you can do,
actually, if you look at your life, you're not doing anything very greatly different
from what the other creatures are doing.
They are born, you are born, you grow up, they grow up, they... they reproduce,
you reproduce, they die, you die.
Nothing very different, but these same simple things,
we can conduct them consciously.
That is the significant thing about being human.
The moment you conduct it, let's say you conduct your hand consciously,
now this hand will do what you want, isn't it?
You won't simply sit here and do like this.
Now this will hand will do what you want.
Suppose you conduct your thought consciously,
now your thought will do what you want.
If your thought was doing what you want,
how do you keep yourself blissful or miserable?
Blissful.
Blissful.
Yeah.
If you are blissful, would you go in search of happiness?
So these things that people think are the greatest things in their life
to be peaceful, joyful, nonsense, wouldn't mean a thing to you,
because you're blissful.
But you can't say that to them, they'll feel insulted.
You have to...
You have to play with...
But essentially, if your thought and emotion was taking instructions from you,
you would keep yourself in the highest level of pleasantness,
whatever that is, isn't it?
Correct.
Yes.
If that happened, if that happened,
your entire life process will come to an ease, total ease.
Right now this is because you're a crouching tiger.
You have to go get something, always.
There is nothing to look at if you sit here, your life is complete.
Now it's at ease, total ease.
When it's in this kind of ease, it will become perceptive.
Now just pursuing your profession, making money or even being joyful
or being loving or falling in love, nothing means anything to you,
because just sitting here, the highest level of pleasantness is happening to you.
So what would you do with that life?
Naturally you would explore something that is not in your perception right now.
This is how spiritual process begins.
This is how you take charge of your life.
Now you wish for something it happened.
I want you to know this.
For most people at least fifty percent of what the wish happens,
it is just that they are focusing on a few things that did not happen.
If you want to be fair in a reasonably well settled society,
ninety percent of what the wish happens, it is the ten percent they are complaining about.
Yeah.
Hello?
Isn't it so?
Yeah.
Ninety percent of your life is happening the way you want it.
The ten percent you are cribbing, you are never enjoying the ninety percent
because this ten percent did not happen the way you want it.
Yeah.
So already, to a large extent, you are in control of your destiny.
A little is going off, but that little can bother you.
It's like you drove hundred kilometers properly.
Let's say you have to drive hundred kilometers.
Ninety kilometers, you went properly where you want to go.
At the ninety, first kilometer you crashed.
Still it's not good, isn't it?
Yeah.
So that's why they're complaining.
I'm not saying they're complaining for nothing.
Because at ninety kilometers, everything went well.
Just before reaching something crashed.
So they still suffer for that.
Now, right now this is because situations are happening around us.
Not all situations will ever happen the way we want it.
Because situation is not just me.
Situation is so many people involved, so many forces involved.
All of them need not happen my way.
But if I'm happening my way, I'm blissful.
Okay? Whether the golf ball flies straight
or goes into the mountains, I'm still blissful.
As long as you're playing golf.
Even if I'm not playing.
Right.
So now coming to this, now as long as things happen your way
and you're on your own path and you're blissful and you know...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm not saying as long as things happen your way you will be blissful.
If you're blissful, it doesn't matter which way it happens.
Right.
Whichever way it happens you're blissful.
Right.
See, this is essentially the world has put cart before the horse.
You tell me, it is easier to take charge of yourself.
Or it's easier to take charge of all these people.
I mean, it's tougher to take charge of yourself, you know.
Or you can take charge of these people? Try.
These people, no, no, no, because I...
Why I'm saying that is because people don't realize that they need
to take charge of themselves and are out there to take charge of
societies and communities and people and trying to change others.
No, right now.
You're sitting here.
No, myself.
It's easier to take charge of yourself or take charge of all these people.
Myself.
Yourself.
You must first do that now.
What is simple and easy?
If you take charge of yourself, let us see how much we can get
cooperation from these people.
Now, when you say you're in pursuit of happiness, what this means is
you want all of them to function the way you want.
Then you will be, no, when we say, if this happens, I will be happy.
If that happens, I will be happy.
What it means is the world should function.
The universe should respond your way.
That's not what I'm saying.
No.
I don't believe in that because that's trying to put
conditionality into everything that, you know, this is how it should function
according to me.
What I was saying was that say, okay, for example, a basic example of
somebody wants to be an actor or somebody wants to be a cricketer.
I'm taking a very basic example of what you want to do in life and you work...
Let's say it did not happen.
It did not happen means what?
People did not like you're acting.
The selectors did not like your cricket.
Something happened.
So what you want did not happen.
Can you still sit here blissfully?
That's a question.
Not a lot of kids.
That is why I'm saying what you're trying to do is, when you say,
everybody should like what I'm doing, in some way you have to take
charge of their minds.
That's what you're doing.
In some way through your cinema or whatever, in some way you're taking
charge of their mind and doing what appeals to them.
And that's why it's working, isn't it?
Otherwise it won't be working.
Right.
So, which is easier?
Taking charge of this or taking charge of them?
This.
If you take charge of this, now you are not in pursuit of your
happiness.
You are not tense about anything.
There is no, you know, sword hanging on your head.
You will do everything to the fullest, to the hilt because you don't
care what happens.
Whatever happens, you'll be still fine.
This much you know.
Now you will naturally do everything wonderfully well because
there's absolutely no concern, because you're not a vested
interest anymore.
You will do what is needed without any effort.
So, what somebody thinks is a great circus and a feat.
You will do it joyfully, playfully.
Visit our site, EnglishSpeechChannel.com for exclusive access to
video transcripts, offline audio, English lessons, and private
classes.
Don't forget to explore our free and new e-books.
Also, subscribe to our weekly newsletter for the latest
updates.
Links in the description below.
Thanks for your support
