Steven, At the Beijing Corn headquaters leh, we developed a new Asian GPT Two very personalized, Try it out. super intelligent now Hey, Asian GPT, I need some help from my homework Do you wanna help with this? You know, people who use their brains like chess masters can burn up to 10,000 calories a day? Why you think you're fat? How are you dumb in three languages? So, cat can walk across the keyboard and get a higher score than you? Okay, I just need help with one question Can you, you know, just write the answer out for me? Okay, no problem
No, no, no, no, no! Asian GPT, this photo is a little bit out of focus. Would you mind just like focusing on the correct main character? Okay, there you go. Hey, could you use like the AI CGI stuff to remove the ugly part? Okay. Could you make it look prettier? Me? I mean me, make me look prettier. Thank you. Oh, okay, okay, I call you. This photo is a little bit cut off. Can you generate the rest of the photo? Make it look wider? Got it.
You know, can you use like AI to make it more authentically me? Oh, oh, okay, okay, I understand.   I'm not crying, you are. Oh, hey, ChatGPT, I think I wanna become attractive. I'm gonna put in the work. Generate me like a workout routine. No, you don't need a workout, you need a miracle. Hey, Asian GPT, would you guide me through meditation? You know, like a guided relaxing thing? Shows, close your eyes. Imaging a very nice, clean, respectable place that brings you joy. You can't afford it.
You know what, ChatGPT? I want to be successful. Tell me how. Don't be Steven. Get a new brain. Get some new talent. Get a new personality. Asian GPT. I want to be a successful YouTuber. Oh nice. What is it about homeless that attracts you? La la la la la la la la. Music only scale. You can go high is the bathroom scale. Asian GPT, you know what? Write me a YouTube video. Okay, what kind of video? Let's do a comedy sketch, I wanted to be some ridiculously cartoonish situation.
That's Steven lands, that's absolutely impossible. Okay, Stephen uploads a video and gets 3 million views, like he used to last year. You know what, Asian GPT? I'm gonna plan a trip to New York. What cool to see there? Number one, the dollar store. If that's too expensive, if you can see pages in the subway, or the hotdog stand very famous, but it's 20 dollars, that's like your annual salary. Oh, I know where you should go. China town. - Chinatown, I came all the way from China to go to Chinatown. - That sounds about right. I'm having a party.
What should I put on the shopping list? Oh, here's a link to a family size 50 pack toilet paper, 90% of all of that. Oh, the dog food on sale, if I want to get two free, I've got a low calorie snack for you. Oh, how about this one? You should get Kelly's corn flakeys. Hey, I got your subscription to P90X, AsianGPT, I'm thinking a cooking tonight. You got any recipes? No, last time you set the kitchen on fire, making cereal. AsianGPT, would you make this email sound a bit more professional? Hey Derek, sorry I can't make it to the meeting. Maybe next time? Okay, sending.
Nobody want to come to your meeting, Derek! You ugly! No, no, no, no, no! Send me a meeting reminder for 10 plays, we have a very important pitch. Okay, alarm set for noon, no, no, 10. Gives you time to cope with the rejection. Asian GPT, summer's coming around. Could you hook me up with some like fashion style? I'm thinking, you know, Harry styles, maybe vogue. Placing order for Starbucks uniform. Oh, no, that's good. Yeah. Yeah, that's good.
