Steve's Dad going to USER for the first time with tips from ER helping him acclimate. You wanna do it? Let's do it, okay. - Welcome to the ER, how can I help you? - Hello, I played tennis for the first time and now I can move my arm. - Okay, just sit here in the waiting room, the doctor will see you in about 15 minutes or three days. - Okay. - What is this, circus? Who ate half of that chair? - Oh, it came like that. Who is that gyrating?
in the corner. - Oh, he works here. He's just on his lunch break. I have your saline. - Okay, what is that? That's like a mixture of water and sodium chloride. - Salt, yep. Why don't you use MSG? - That's a pretty good idea, actually. - Can I see your arm? - What are you trying to do and make soup dumplings? - That would be cheaper. - What is gonna cost? - It's about $600.  - $600. - For salt and you can even afford a full chair. - Well, that one was half price. - And it's not even pink Himalayan salt. I bought this for $2.99. Also you go to beach you get salt water for free.
Okay then no saline for now. Let's just get your x-ray, Sound, sound expensive can I have a discount? for you my friend the discounted rate is $500. $500! What the hell it doesn't even do 4K, Huh  my phone do better lah. My phone cinematic mode, 10 megapixel, Google pixel 60 frames per second well the x-ray machine is highly complicated It requires a specialist to press a button well at the right time and he limits radiation exposure.
That dangerous? No, not at all. Then why are you hiding? Hold still. Okay, well you wait for the results you could watch TV. Okay, well what is that Gray's Anatomy? Where's Steven Ho's tips from the ER? Oh YouTube, we have Nathan Don. How about a channel that actually uploads? We have the Steven He channel. Wow, that is some fantastic content. You should subscribe. I'm back. The doctor recommends a sling. That better be on sale. Well the arm part is 2k.2k? The strap is sold seperately.
Sold separately! You want me to put it on the assembly fee is $700. I will send you to Jesus. Oh jesus? He works here. The sling better be Gucci. It's goodwill. Dior? D-minus. Fendy? It's bendy. Balenciaga. Balenci nada. Just give me that plastic bag. The bag right there on the ground, on the floor. The use one, the one with the hole. Oh, be careful with home remedies. Another injury could cost you $10,000. I can buy five arms for 10k. Where? I know a guy reasonably priced unlike you. Okay, then you're good to go. Here's your paperwork.
Okay, salt water free good x-ray discounted good visit copay not bad not bad not bad Emotional damage Make shift Tai Chi that they do it, well the arm part is 2k. I don't think these gonna work of these work
I hope these work. I'm in the end of my position.
