When you are speaking english as a Singaporean, are you aware that you have a certain accent? - Oh yes, 100% I'm aware that I have a slight singlish accent I would say. - Okay. - Even when I was in the States, my friends told me that I had a little bit of an Asian accent because they didn't know which part I was from. - Okay. - Yeah. - I believe that when we speak English, definitely to us, it sounds very natural. So we don't realize very often that we have a different accent. But at the same time, I think it's a very common experience when we go overseas and we hear that singlish accent and all the additional lahs and everything that come out. And it's just very distinctive. So, yes, very aware that we do sound very different, and perhaps this difference does have a certain connotation of value judgement behind it.
So do you like your accent? I do appreciate my accent. It's one of kind in the whole world. I mean, SInglish has been formed by so many years from our forefathers till now. It's been evolving a lot, and I don't think I would be, I would say I'm proud of the accent itself.
I'm also someone who teaches English. You know, like, So I think you have to love the language, whatever language. And I think Singlish itself is your background. so if you like who you are, you embrace your roots.Singlish is nothing bad.
Do you think foreigners would understand that accent? Maybe foreigners wouldn't understand.It might be not familiar for them. Like, how come certain English words you use it differently?
I would say it's very mixed. I mean, just for myself personally, because like, I mean, a lot of people, especially overseas people, they tend to think that Singlish is not a very refined for a language. And I guess it's agreeable to a certain extent, but I think just in Singapore alone, because it's a language that we came up by ourselves is something that's unique to us. I think it's something that we Singaporeans can definitely be proud of. I mean, when we're using it among other Singaporeans, and of course, if other foreign are interested to 
learn this language itself. I mean, we are also more than open to sharing it with them. Yeah?
