trends, mega themes, for example, there's a data libraries for artificial intelligence. Now many companies were working on that aspect. So picking those stocks was much easier. But I got a very interesting question from my community member and he asked me that hey Akshat okay fine you have picked like AI driven stocks in the US but India may be to kaam hoga on AI. For a very long period of time I avoided picking like Indian companies or Indian AI driven stocks.
So on this video, I'm going to help you understand what type of AI work will be done in India. Why is that such an important industry and how do you analyze stocks on Indian AI? So I'll pick a case study. I'll help you understand the entire thematics around it. AI stocks are very complicated to understand. So I'll try to simplify the tech as much as possible. So I'll try to make the language very easy to understand. So let us first and foremost understand that AI is not a game of air.
unique, it will be like some kind of pump and dump. See guys, I mean, I don't know whether it will be pump and dump or it will not be pump and dump. It's a tech. It is still one of the prominent techs. Even Apple iPhone 16 which we launched, the entire marketing was done around AI that it was an AI driven phone. Now, is it really like practically being applied, not practically being applied? That's a separate matter of debate. But the larger point here is that even Apple is playing that AI card. Similarly, if you check the newest release by Meta, even that is playing the AI
So therefore AI as a technology is here to stay. Some of the best AI stocks if you want to do like broad based investing, they will be in the US. But there are certain themes which will be aligned in India because of a very sensible thing called as data security risk. For example, there are cyber security based AI companies or healthcare based AI companies. Now these are very sensitive data sets. And if you start inviting like American companies to do like AI work on these domains, then it could be a problem, right? So therefore these type of companies if I'm able to figure out
in India, these are the type of companies I might be willing to put some money on. So let us understand and there are essentially six, seven key criteria that I will tell you in terms of analyzing any AI stock. Whichever examples I'm using on this video, please use it as a case study. It's not as if that I have built my position in these. I'm just using it as a reference point to tell you how to analyze the stocks. So if you have any stock, then you can use this framework to analyze it. So let me explain and the seven key concepts I'll just explain. The first key concept is very simple and it is called
as the concept of innovation curve.
innovation, then again there will be dullness. So this is called as S curve innovation. Okay. Now the thing is that whenever we hear these type of trendy things, EV, AI, or generative AI, so we get very excited and whatever companies we are getting our hands on, we end up purchasing them. Now, is that the right way of investing? The short answer is no. Basically, your goal should be to wait it out. Look for the fact that whether the technology is getting mature, are we actually using it and then build your positions? That's what any smart investor would
So first is the concept of S-curve. You should be very clear about this. Now the second key concept is to understand the spectrum of the AI. For example, like Meta is doing different type of work. Google is doing different type of work. If you are looking at Microsoft, it is doing different type of work within the AI spectrum. Now some of these spectrums might be mature. Some of these spectrums might not be mature. For example, like data libraries have to be generated. That's commonsensical that whichever company controls the data libraries, its AI model will be stronger.
because it will be able to create more sophisticated AI models based on that data library. Now, this is a very clear first principles type of thinking that you can apply in order to pick stocks. Now, in India, if you have to pick, the issue is that we are not working or the Indian companies are not working on like big, big ideas, so to say. Here we have to pick sensible sub segments in India in the AI space, which will get evolved first. OK, so this is the most important learning that I will say that you have to pick the right spectrum of AI stocks to begin with. Now you get a company in India
is like trying to compete with Google. I don't think that you know that is a feasible solution or that company will be able to progress much. It will be a much harder bet compared to companies which are doing very niche work. So therefore the second concept that you need to understand the spectrum of AI is very very critical. So let me start talking about a company as a case study and tell you how you can figure out which spectrum is that particular company working on. So for example here a company is called as Blue Cloud Soft Tech Solution. If you want to
data on this company except for like annual report. And in fact, any AI company that you pick in India right now, it will be like a small player. For example, this company has a market cap of three and a half thousand crores. So this is a small cap company, a small cap company, a new company, working in some innovative thing. So you'll not find like a lot of data around it. So what I've done is that I've prepared a note for this company. In case you guys want to research more, you can use that note to get and gather more data. Please consider it as a data gathering exercise and you can put the stock on a radar, observe it for a while.
then you can figure out whether to invest, not invest, all that stuff. So basically, if you go and Google about this company, read more information about this company, there are certain data things that you will get. But the first critical data point that you need to aggregate is, that where is it working? For example, if you go and learn more about Blue Cloud SoftTech Solutions, what you will notice is that Blue Cloud SoftTech Solutions is a leading IT solutions provider. It used to work on IT till now. And it used to specialize on all these things. And now it has started to pivot to AI-based applications.
and within AI also they are focusing on two areas one is cyber security products and second is healthcare based processes in fact if you read more in depth you will find that this company has launched an app and it is called as true health app so basically what it does is that it does non-intrusive medical diagnostics using AI computer vision technology and it is working on this technology and it has already started making some money from this so which is an innovative thing that this company is
doing. So just to help you understand that any AI stock that you pick in India right now, basically what you need to do on that is that you need to understand the spectrum of AI where it is working. For example, this particular company is working on cybersecurity. Number two, it is working in the healthcare space using AI for diagnostics. Then the third key point that you need to investigate about a company is and again, going back to the concept of S curve, that the company has to burn a lot of money in order to prove that technology, get to a scale, all that.
investigate like more about this company. So in that respect, I picked it up. So from this, you can see is that the company is making money. It is profitable and it is pivoting to the right set of AI which could gain traction in India. Now, why am I saying that something like health care or cybersecurity can get traction in India? Reason, what's simple, for example, cybersecurity is a work area where foreign intervention is typically not allowed, right? So you have to you need homegrown AI based companies. Similarly, when it comes to health oriented data. Now health is again a very
critical data point for any country and if aggregation of data is happening so again this need to be indigenized indigenized means that we want homegrown Indian companies to be in these critical sectors so if a company is working on these critical sectors then automatically there is a little bit of advantage there but if you are competing on social media based AI right Gavin how do you create content and all that stuff by using AI then honestly like this is not a company that will find any protection within India and those type of businesses might not be
indigenized. Now the fourth thing that you need to analyze in terms of any company is the regulation risk. For example, if it is a cybersecurity based AI company or it is working in critical segments or critical sectors like healthcare, then the chances of regulation are high. Now this is a risk that we are taking in case you are considering investing in these type of companies. So this is definitely a risk and you should be cognizant of it. But if we step back and take a larger picture, then the entire AI space will be put under a certain policy consideration and there will be
certain framework that will be generated and this framework also needs to be constantly updated right now because AI is evolving at such a fast pace that it is very difficult to keep a track. But regulation is one area which we cannot be sure of. What kind of regulations will come in? But AI, almost every single AI company out there will be regulated. And that is definitely a risk. But if we take a step back and consider then almost every single country on Earth right now is understanding the power of AI and they want to promote AI. So the chances are that healthier regulations will be built
AI and this is always a chance that you have to take with tech companies. Then come point number 5 which is the concentration risk. For example, when we go to tech based companies like Microsoft, Amazon etc. You will quickly find out that they have diversified their geographical risk a lot. For example, they started selling to American customers from America. Then they came to China. Now they are selling a lot in India. So they have been able to diversify their risk in terms of their customer base and also on top of that their product line extension. So what you have to do is
the AI space in India would have like a flagship product. So it's important for you to understand how that app exactly works, how that product exactly works, what is the moat of that product. So understanding that moat is very critical. So I downloaded the app and these are the type of data sets that I was able to find. Now the final point of analysis that you
found this short video to be insightful. If you did, do press the like button and I'll see you soon.
