So let me start by bringing you back in time.
We are 30 years ago,
and the first word processes and spreadsheets
are about to hit the market.
And the whole economic world is bracing
for the next big productivity revolution.
The promise at the time was,
we'd all spend so much less time writing, drawing slides,
computing numbers on a calculator.
And here we are, 30 years later.
And the promise has come true.
We all have so much leisure time on our hands.
And personally, I only work two days a week.
So of course, I'm just kidding.
The reality of what has happened 30 years later
is we don't work less.
We just write much longer word documents.
And our PowerPoint decks have gone from six slides
to 50 slides and I say that as a consultant.
Also, we engage in much more complex decision making
because the amount of data that we have to process
has just exploded.
And why is that important today?
Well, generative AI is coming
and is coming to be embedded in the core of our organizations
and the way we work.
And that will be the next big productivity revolution.
So the question becomes how do we set ourselves up
to actually seize this productivity opportunity?
I'm a marketer.
I spent all my career in marketing
and also advising marketing professionals.
Now, some say marketing is the number one
impacted function out there.
Some say the productivity impact in marketing
is as high as 50%.
So that question of how can I seize
that productivity opportunity is super high
on my mind right now?
And I want to make the case,
it should be super important to you all as well
as business leaders, but also as consumers.
So what will happen to marketing?
Well, marketing has traditionally been
a super right-brained creative type of function.
That means what?
Means we have excelled as marketers
by tapping into the emotional needs of our consumers,
coming up with that perfect product,
that perfect innovation to meet that need,
and also then cracking that great message
that will convert the consumer at the right place
in the right time.
Already in the past 15 years
with digital marketing and analytics,
marketing has evolved from being only
right-brained type of generate skills
to a few more specialized skill sets.
For example, digital marketing or marketing technology.
But now the difference with generative AI,
it is transforming the core of marketing activities.
Now, in a recent study that the Boston Consulting Group
conducted with Harvard,
we found that chat GPT in its current form
already improves the right-brained performance of marketers
by 40%.
Imagine what that number will be in a year or two from now.
So what do you think marketers would do
with a day and a half of free time a week?
More yoga, more family time.
Do you think companies would allow that?
Or do you think companies will just let large chunks
of the marketing function go?
Well, I believe none of this is going to happen.
I think if we don't steer that productivity revolution
very actively, marketers will invest this time
in what they do best.
More content and more ideas.
Now, if you think of more content,
there is a super productive outcome
for all of us as consumers.
More content actually means much more personalized content.
Now, think of that email
that you're getting from your favorite brand every week.
Imagine if that email was 100% tailored to you.
Means only images of people in your age and gender,
even to people wearing t-shirts of your favorite rock band,
every product relevant for you,
and even a human-like experience powered by a bot
that is certainly a productive outcome.
But there is also a very negative outcome for us consumers here,
and that is content overload.
How many of you already feel chased
by the same content over and over again online?
Now, imagine if that content chasing you,
if that amount of content chasing you just explodes,
and imagine if that content chasing you
also all sounds the same.
Now, why is that a risk?
Generative AI has been trained on existing content and data.
Because of that, it reduces divergence of outcomes.
And that grand equalization of marketing
is certainly not a productive outcome.
So, what is the solve here?
Well, I believe marketing,
but also every function out there
that is being impacted by this productivity revolution
needs to grow a left AI brain and grow one fast,
and also identify and protect its top right brain talent.
Now, you're gonna ask me,
what do you mean by growing a left AI brain?
Well, I mean the function needs to strategically
reskill and reorganize to embed people
that can build, use, and diffuse predictive AI tools
in the heart of decision-making.
I mean for marketing,
building teams of marketing data scientists,
marketing data engineers that build solutions
that can be distributed to all marketers,
to, for example, unpack performance and predict outcomes.
Imagine a marketing being able to understand
what audience-creative couples
are really hitting it off in the market.
Or what product is working with which consumer and why?
Or how is the marketing funnel evolving?
I recently partnered with a consumer goods company
that did exactly that.
They decided to grow a left AI brain advantage.
We helped them build tools that were diffusing
the entire organization that helped every marketer
predict for every marketing initiative.
What was going to be the sales outcome?
How are consumer behaviors going to be impacted
on every channel and every touchpoint?
And go deep in unpacking execution insights
to understand what creative was working and why.
That created a super virtuous feedback
loop in the entire organization.
It also took building a team of 30 plus left AI brain marketers
that build these tools, customize them,
but also in turn upskill the entire organization
to use them.
But the team's only a part of the puzzle.
I see too many companies out there
embarking on this journey,
just training their algorithms and models
only on their current content and data.
Now, if you do that, the risk for a brand
is to be trapped in your current territory.
Concretely, imagine you're a brand
that is super strong with millennials.
There is nothing in data and content
existing on millennials that will help you
to be successful with Gen Z.
And in turn, if you're never successful with Gen Z,
you will miss out on important innovations and trends
that will make you stronger with millennials.
So I advise every company out there.
Think outside of the box.
Think outside your direct ecosystem
on who could be super relevant data
and content partners for you.
Imagine your construction company
and you decide to market to architects for the first time.
You have zero data on architects.
What do you do?
Who has data on architects?
Other construction companies,
but they're direct competitors.
So where do you go?
Well, you go outside your ecosystem.
Potentially, for example, with financial institutions,
insurances.
You can set up a federated model with them.
Train algos on that.
That will in turn makes you much stronger
to market to a new consumer segment.
And so are you done?
If you have that, if you have that data,
if you have those skills, are you done?
You have that left AI brain advantage?
Well, no, actually, you are not.
If you do that, there is a risk you give
all of your right brain to generate the AI.
And in turn, run a real risk of losing that divergence,
losing that super strong brand identity,
being trapped in that grand equalization of marketing
I was talking about a minute ago.
In the Harvard study,
we conducted with the Boston Consulting Group in Harvard.
We found that when people over rely on generated AI,
the collective divergence of ideas drops by 40%.
Concretely, that means that new ideas don't come
to the surface.
It means that true innovation is being stifled.
So what is the solve here?
Well, you need to identify the true artists,
the true different shaders,
the true innovators of your function.
Now, if you've ever worked in marketing,
you know who these people are.
The other ones that always disagree with you.
Now, you take these people and you need to strategically
reskill them to use AI well.
For example, to be inspired by new ideas,
to be inspired by new trends,
to also crack fast prototypes,
to multiply their impact once they've cracked the great idea.
But you need to protect them and teach them
from using the AI to generate and originate original ideas.
For that, they have to use their human brain.
To keep those human juices flowing and that, in turn,
will protect the identity of your brain
and your differentiation in the market.
So I want to close with an advice for any marketer out there.
What are you good at?
Are you super creative?
Are you the true innovator in the room?
Well, if you are, cultivate that.
That will be your superpower.
Do you like data?
Are you super rational?
Are you super fact-based?
Then you should specialize.
You should grow tech skills.
You should be investing in predictive AI competencies.
But right now, every marketer out there
needs to choose their brain.
Thank you.
