And we're specifically going to discuss
how to become an ML engineer.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Luke.
I'm a software engineer at Exponent.
I'm joined today by Nico Thiebaut, senior machine
learning engineer at Hired.
Nico, can you tell me a bit about yourself and Hired?
Absolutely.
Hello, Luke.
I'm in the machine learning team at Hired.
I've been there for three years.
And Hired in a nutshell is the largest AI-driven marketplace
that matches tech talent with the world's most innovative
companies, our platform combines intelligent job matching
with unbiased carrier counseling to find
a job that skindates love.
The best part is that it's free for job seekers.
So how have you seen AI and machine learning
as a career path evolve over the years?
And what do you think is feeling that gross?
Well, we have seen it evolving quite a bit
with the rest of the team.
It sure has evolved.
And it keeps evolving, actually.
The job changes every day.
We are seeing a lot of practitioners
who are shifting from pure data science to machine learning.
I would say it's the biggest trend that we are seeing right
now.
The industry is becoming more mature.
Deployments to production have become more frequent.
ROI is found more often as well.
And so the job is changing every day because of that.
As someone who took their last machine learning course
in college and haven't done a lot of machine learning since,
what kind of educational background, technical knowledge,
soft skills are required to become a machine learning
engineer?
Well, luckily in machine learning,
you can see success with different backgrounds.
We value a lot of diversity in the team.
And we tend to have different people
and to combine strengths as well as possible.
And because it's still a fairly new job,
it's been around for a while, but it still feels new.
We're seeing people from different backgrounds
where you need solid foundations in math and in computer science,
usually.
But beyond that, you need also skills
in statistical modeling and understanding probabilities
and stats.
Software development, you need to develop a sense for business.
You need to become a data analyst every now and then.
You need to learn about DevOps, which is a new trend.
You get to learn how to deploy your model to production smoothly.
So nobody takes all of the boxes, for sure.
So it's useful to try to know the basics of all those things
that are required and then specialize in one or two areas.
Are there specific degrees that a company would be looking for
when hiring for these positions?
Probably the first bias is to look for machine learning degrees,
which are fairly new.
But now it's been a couple of years since colleges
and bootcamps started offering purely machine learning degrees.
But there's few of these people.
Their supply does not match the demand.
And so we're also seeing people from quantitative fields,
like myself, I have a PhD in physics.
We are seeing people from math.
We are seeing people from computer science, different domains.
Software engineers, notably, they transition very well
into machine learning.
So it is still very open, I would say.
How can you pivot from different fields of engineering
and what role is the easiest to pivot from?
Well, again, it's pretty open, I would say.
But folks who see a lot of success
are traditional software engineers
who still remember a bit of math
or can reactivate this knowledge from their college years.
And if you have some experience with the craft of software engineering,
because it takes years to develop that, it's extremely valuable
and extremely useful in machine learning as well.
And more and more machine learning engineer practitioners,
then they tend to develop software development skills
as time goes by, even more so than pure machine learning
on static fields.
So I would say, if you're a software engineer,
the transition can be pretty smooth.
That makes sense.
So I would assume that some who go into machine learning coming
from purely academia might not have a background
in developing software applications the way
that someone who has spent the last few years in industry
and writing code for a living might absolutely.
Now that someone has built the right skills,
how can they find machine learning engineering jobs?
Well, there's many ways to do that.
So of course, there's several platforms where you can apply,
you can submit your resume, one of them
on which you can find a lot of success is higher.
On the higher, you can mention what you're looking for in France
and your desires.
You have a wish list.
You can mention your expecting salary
and companies which are out to you within a couple of days.
So it's probably one of the most efficient way
to find a job once you're confident enough to apply for one.
Great.
What do these machine learning interviews usually look like?
It's fairly standard, I would say.
It resembles to a certain extent software engineer interviews.
It typically starts with one or two technical interviews,
sometimes they come test.
And then down the line, after the second or third
technical interview, you might have a less technical interview,
someone from Project, someone from the revenue side.
And at the end of that, there's usually an interview
with the hiring manager.
And I would say that the technical interviews are broken down
into more algorithms, software development on one side,
and then pure machine learning that can involve sometimes math
directly on the whiteboard on the other side.
I'm curious to hear what do you see as the biggest career
growth opportunities in the machine learning AI space?
Well, the field is as vibrant as ever,
and there's so many possibilities these days.
On the modeling side, I think that natural language processing,
dealing with textual data is still booming.
We are at the beginning of a revolution
called the transformers revolution.
It's a new family of models that are
being a very efficient at understanding language.
Now, you might have heard of GPT-3
and the very impressive capabilities of this model.
This is in terms of pure modeling,
I would say investing in natural language
processing is probably a good call.
Then in terms of machine learning deployment
and how to deploy these machine learning models
MLOps is growing.
MLOps is this field that the intersection of DevOps
and machine learning, and we see MLOps positions becoming
the norm in several companies.
Then in addition to that, you can be a generalist.
You can totally be a generalist because machine learning
is applied to so many different fields
that learning the basics, the foundations of machine learning
and software engineering and honing
that it's a very good idea because the skills
that you learn are going to be highly transferable
from one context or one industry to another one.
I'm curious, once you're in a machine learning engineering
job, what do you consider as the important skills
to continue developing as you progress through your career?
Yeah, it's a good question and a pretty difficult one
in general.
I would say that it is a good idea
to not invest too much in one specific technology
that can be very appealing.
It is good to always keep learning
because the field is evolving so fast.
And to keep learning the foundations,
the new modeling techniques, the new technologies,
but not stick to one, keep an open mind
and be versatile as much as possible.
Thanks so much, Nico.
I think that's all we have time for today.
Learned a lot about the state of machine learning hiring
and what it takes to be a machine learning engineer.
I know on the exponent side, I would highly recommend
for people to check out the our machine learning course,
which is going to be linked in the description of the video.
Nico, what's the best way for someone to break into the field
using hired?
Well, I would say just prepare your resume,
apply it to hire, it takes a couple of minutes,
and then you're live on the platform
and you start talking to companies,
then the next step is to prepare for your interviews.
Great, well, thanks to Bunch, Nico.
Thanks so much for watching.
Don't forget to hit the like and subscribe buttons below
to let us know that this video is valuable for you.
And of course, check out hundreds more videos
just like this at TryExponent.com.
Thanks for watching and good luck
on your upcoming interview.
