"How did you want to play a blind person? She actually is from a newspaper because I've received some, er, you know, critics about some lawyer that is blind. Yeah, they did very good jobs in their lifetime, so I want to be one of that kind of character. So I just asked Johnny, 'Can I be a blind lawyer?' Sure, you can. Sure, you can learn more, and then you practice more, you can be.

Could you tell us a little bit about your experience at the festival that year? It was really great. I never expected, and as an Asian actor, I was really honored, you know, to have a chance to win international awards. And it means a lot to me. It means a lot to me. Mm-hmm. I'm very happy, and after all these years, yes, as an actor, finally you've got recognition from people from different countries, and, and I'm really amazed.

At one place I go off to now is South Africa, and I'm not talking about Johannesburg or Cape Town. I stay in a place that's farm country—big, big open land, big, big open skies. And the place I stay is a traditional African hut. Inside, it's very comfortable, but no electricity. So the challenge there is to try to learn how to live without the creature comforts that you're used to, like a computer, like a TV, like your cell phone. 

I'm really learn from TVB, and we from HonKong and TVB, It's really nice to be here. So, I like to create so much, and I hope Whitman comes to the Korean more. I think we enjoy what we do. All people are so professional, so nice, and so quiet. I was thinking to myself, 'What the hell am I gonna do at Google?' Seriously, because you guys are the people I go to when I look at my stuff. Seriously, it could be through the search engine, it could be through maps. I like to travel a lot, I could throw on a backpack and wander off somewhere into the world and see the world. So I'm always, you know, navigating through maps. 

And lately, actually speaking of which, I've been trying to pick up on more Japanese. So, Is it the first time you be in here? Yes, this is my first time at a movie festival and also my first time on the red carpet in Hong Kong. So what are you going to do tonight? You're going to perform? I'm performing tonight. Right, so how do you feel?  I don't know, I still got a tight right now, I'm like, I'm like filling out of my suit. You've been in the showbiz for? Twenty years, pretty much. Did you know, just like any changes

I usually think the creativity and the making of the music is just improving and improving the ways of listening to music or promoting music is slightly different—that's all. What do you think about people saying that? You know. It's really driven by the lyrics a lot. But then it's getting used to something. It gives me more motivation to, motivation to actually make other songs. 

Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to sincerely thank the University of West London and London College of Music for bestowing this honorary degree upon me. I would also like to show my appreciation towards Vice Chancellor Professor Peter John for traveling all the way from London, and also Professor Howard. Thank you. Your esteemed presence is truly humbling for me, and welcome to Hong Kong. I'm definitely grateful and blessed to have received this honor from such a prestigious and renowned college. 

Why do you think you have continued to endure and be so popular as you are for so long? I don't know. Well, the one theory that I believe is you have to keep working well as an artist. I mean, people just look at your work. Some new people might love your new things. Some people might love your things, so you gotta keep doing something. Yeah, once I was new to do the other singers. Actually, now I'm one of the very, very senior singers. And so, That's quite normal to me, actually. 

And I think the scenes need more new blood. I think one common mistake that a lot of people do is saying, 'It's good for China. It's good for China.' So people watch a movie that's Chinese and they say, 'Oh, that was a good movie for a Chinese movie.' And For me, that doesn't cut it. That doesn't make sense to me. Understand a movie is a movie. It shouldn't be, 'Oh, because it's a Chinese movie, there's lower standards.' It's to understand that the level of quality of work does not differ in different countries. 

A lot of us may already be thinking everyone's like, 'China is the next market. China is the next superpower. China is this and China is that.' Okay, there's a lot of money to be made there. Okay, sure, but you cannot lose the integrity of what you do and what you represent for money. 

What time is it? 5:30. When I was 17 years old, I participated in a singing contest. I really wanted to try to be an artist among the competition. That's how I started my career. What do I do to waste my time? The PBL system is actually a really flexible kind of teaching method, and it can allow the students to either go really in-depth into one of the specific topics."
