"CHBE Executive Johnny delivers his third policy address. The blueprint contains measures to make it easier for the public to buy their own homes, and the duty on some liquor products will be reduced. [Music] 

Good evening and thank you for joining us. Chief Executive John Lee delivered his third policy address at the Legislative Council today. The policy blueprint is themed "Reform for Enhancing Development and Building Our Future Together," with a focus on boosting the economy, easing housing, nurturing talent, and improving people's livelihoods. The cover of this year's policy address continues to be green. 

Lee began his speech noting Beijing's resolution adopted at the Chinese Communist Party's third plenum in July, which called on Hong Kong to fully harness the advantages of "One Country, Two Systems." Lee proposed setting up working groups dedicated to four areas: education, technology and talent, developing the low-altitude economy, tourism, and the silver market. 

On the housing front, new regulations on subdivided units and plans to relax restrictions on substantial mortgage duties for liquor with an import price of over $200 are lowered from 100% to 10%. More support measures are on the way for the elderly and their carers. Eligible seniors can receive subsidies to retire in care homes. In Guangdong, the university list under the Top Talent Pass Scheme is set to be extended and expanded, with visa periods extended from two to three years. 

Housing and property are among the key issues in John Lee's policy address. The Chief Executive said the Hong Kong Monetary Authority is relaxing the loan-to-value ratios of property mortgage loans, which would make it easier for people to buy a flat. Meanwhile, under the new Capital Investment Entrance Scheme, property investment of over $50 million by applicants will be counted towards the total capital investment. 

Timothy Lee tells us more. In his policy address at the Legislative Council, Chief Executive John Lee made repeated references to property-related issues in the city. "I do want to help people to buy their own flats if they can afford it," he stated. "From a lot of opinions which I received in the consultation, the desire of Hong Kong people to buy their own flats continues to appear very strongly." 

Under the latest property measures, the maximum loan-to-value ratio for all residential properties will be adjusted to 70%. The mortgage payment-to-income ratio will be adjusted to 50%. The same applies to non-residential properties, with the mortgage payment-to-income ratio rising from 40% to 50%. The Hong Kong Monetary Authority said the measure brings the loan-to-value ratios back to 2009 levels, emphasizing that the HKMA still has sufficient buffers to handle market fluctuations. 

Meanwhile, under the new Capital Investment Entrance Scheme, applicants are allowed to invest in residential properties, provided that the transaction price of a single property is above $50 million. A portion of the investment could be counted towards the minimum investment threshold, subject to a cap of $10 million. 

They feel this is a place where they will get their, you know, whatever dream business, or where they feel more secure with their family. And if someone has that amount of money, then definitely. But not all share the same view. "Seems a bit high to me," one person commented. "Yeah, I think they need to lower it. That's a lot, even for France." It's quite actually surprising to see the numbers. Many people have said the minimum property price of $50 million under the new Capital Investment Entrance Scheme is far too high. Some have said similar measures have been adopted in other countries but at a far lower price threshold. 

Timothy Lee, TVB News. 

The plight of tenants in subdivided units has been a long-standing problem in Hong Kong. With that, Chief Executive John Lee is proposing new laws to regulate the city's 110,000 subdivided flats. The administration's new proposal will set minimum standards for Hong Kong subdivided units. From the policy address, these so-called basic housing units must have a floor area of no less than 8 square meters (or 86 square feet), with a provision of windows and an individual toilet. Sources say there should be another sink outside the toilet to ensure residents will not have to handle food inside the bathroom. 

After conversion of substandard premises, compliance with minimum standards must be confirmed by professionals. Roughly 30% of Hong Kong subdivided units could not meet such standards. The government will also crack down on illegal residences in industrial buildings and on rooftops. A registration system will be set up for owners to apply for a grace period, reportedly of three to four years. If landlords still rent out substandard units after that, they will face criminal liability. 

The government will set up teams of social workers to help subdivided unit residents find a basic housing unit. "Hong Kong is a difficult place to live in," one resident stated. "We know there will be steps that are being taken by the government, and we have to give them enough time to prepare and to allow the legislation to pass through. I think the most important thing is to protect our elders and those who are not able to make a better living." 

If they're going to do that, which is good, they need to make housing more accessible for the general population. While the minimum size of the basic housing units is just about two-thirds of a regular car park space, some are worried the move might be endorsing such shoebox living environments. "It's not to make what is illegal now legal," one official clarified. "We make this policy knowing that it is a difficult matter. That is why I hope it will be thoroughly debated in LegCo so that we can enhance it." 

"We also want to ensure that this new system will be able to tell the market which, in some way, needs to exist by the sheer evidence that over 110 households are living in these accommodations." 

This Shamire PO apartment has a total of 18 tenants. The monthly rent of this basement is about $2,500, inclusive of utilities. While many citizens find the government's policy to regulate these subdivided units a good step forward, as many of the units are plagued by safety and hygiene issues, some tenants told us that they're worried they might not be able to find other accommodation options that are as affordable. 

Mr. W has lived here for four years. He's worried that after the regulation takes effect, monthly rents can double to the tune of $5,000. He hopes the government can roll out more light public or transitional housing units for people like him before activating the regulation. 

New measures will be introduced to fight the abuse of rental public housing. Reports state that people who report abuse cases could earn a reward of $3,000 starting in January. The policy address also announced measures to help young people buy subsidized property. An extra ballot number will be allocated to a young family or single applicants aged below 40, with white form status, for the purchase of Home Ownership Scheme flats. To support young people with a place to live, the Housing Authority will also distribute 1,500 extra quotas for applicants below the age of 40. 

The policy blueprint also includes measures to bolster Hong Kong's tourism sector. The city leader said Beijing is studying the SAR government's proposal to step up visas for mainland visitors. These include a resumption of multi-entry arrangements for Shenzhen residents. 

Starting today, the criteria for multi-entry visas have been relaxed for people from Cambodia, Laos, and Vietnam, with a validity period extended from two to three years. To attract Middle Eastern tourists, plans are afoot for more Arabic language information at the airport, along with lists of halal restaurants. An interdepartmental working group will be set up to develop and identify new tourist attractions apart from the yak economy. 

With the city’s six pandas, the government will boost panda tourism as well as the horse racing economy. The Jockey Club said it will start discussions with the government. It noted the club received 93,000 tourist arrivals in the 2023 to 2024 season. 

The Chief Executive announced that the duty on liquor with an import price of more than $200 will be reduced from 100% to 10% for the portion above $200. The new measure takes effect today. 

In his policy address, Chief Executive John Lee announced the latest policy on the alcohol tax. The city already has zero duty on wines. Starting today, the duty rate for liquor with an import price of over $200 will be reduced from 100% to 10% for the portion above $200, while the duty rate for liquor with an import price of $200 or below will remain unchanged. Lee said the measure aims to enhance liquor trading and the development of tourism and upscale dining venues. 

Langu Phong is often seen as a hotspot for bars, restaurants, and clubs. Alan Zan, the chairman of Langu PH Groups, shared his thoughts on the policy. "The clubs will do much better because, you know, the club business is all about drinking, especially for attracting many tourists that come to Hong Kong. In the past, wine was down; it made liquors seem very expensive. I think there has been a good tradeoff between the low-end product and the higher-end product. Above $200, you get the higher-end spirits, which tourists compare to their home place." 

The lawmaker representing medical and health services hopes the new spirits prices will not encourage heavy drinking. "Whatever we are doing today, we are not suggesting that people should drink more. The message is clear: drinking is harmful to health. It causes chronic diseases; it causes liver failure. So the message remains the same." 

Meanwhile, a Chinese liquor company welcomed the new policy but does not think a tax reduction on spirits will incentivize more people to drink or to taste different types of alcohol or liquors at a more affordable price. "You learn the knowledge of different liquors just like when you taste wine, and I think it is an education process. I wouldn't say it will boost the whole market, but definitely, it would have a good effect under the new measure," said the company representative. 

The city could act as a crucial platform for promoting the trading of Chinese liquor to the international world. 

M.N., TVB News. 

Chief Executive John Lee also suggested the development of a low-altitude economy in the city, which aims to use drones in low-altitude airspace for the delivery of goods and for tourism purposes. The government is set to run trials involving drones performing delivery, surveying, building maintenance, and rescue work at designated sites. Authorities will also consider amending existing regulations on the weight of drones and beyond-line-of-sight flying activities. The government will set up a working group to facilitate the development of the low-altitude economy. 

[Music] 

According to Chinese state media, President Xi Jinping has said that China is willing to be a partner and friend with the United States. In a congratulatory message he sent to the annual gala dinner of the National Committee on U.S.-China relations, he stated that a successful partnership between the two countries will benefit not only the two countries but the world. He noted that ties between the two powers are among the most important in the world. They have disagreed over Taiwan, global wars, and trade restrictions. 

He continued that China has always believed the success of China and the United States is an opportunity for each other. 

Three men have been found guilty of attacking police officers and common assault after they squirted police officers and journalists with water guns. The incident happened in April last year during a Thai-style water splashing festival in K City. The ruling was handed down in K City Magistrates' Court today. The three defendants, surnamed Tang, I, and Yun, were aged between 26 and 32. The trio were accused of assaulting three police officers and three TVB journalists on South Wall Road. The judge found the three men guilty on all charges, adding that their behavior is outside of the acceptable conduct of the Songkran festival. 

And that's the news. Thank you for watching. 

Oh [Music]"