"You are the fastest I've ever seen in a fight, in a martial arts fight. That is incredible. And some of those moves in that clip, you hit a guy's fist with your head. I've never seen that before because I played a character. He's called Danny, right? He's like a dog. In the beginning, he's like a mad dog who just knows how to fight. He only knows how to hurt people. But later on, through Morgan Freeman's character, through the music, right, he started—Morgan Freeman's character comes in and helps him sort of learn more. But, you know, I identify with that character. I too am a ferocious, destructive machine. Look into my eyes, you can see it, can't you? Yeah, okay, I need some Visine. 

You have, you know, You have a secret to self-defense, and it's interesting. I heard that you had a secret to self-defense, and I was expecting something about a move or something. You said it's an attitude. Is your secret to self-defense just a smile? 

A smile? Yes, it matters to people because when you hurt people, they will seek revenge, and then you'll fight again and again. I can never stop smiling and making people happy then we will stop work.

Thank you. I hate to disagree with you, Jet Li, but all through high school, I tried the smiling-at-people approach, and I got hammered. You know, I wish I'd had a few of your moves. 

There is a style, a fighting style, and I'm going to mispronounce it, I'm sure. It's called Sui Quan, which is the, it's called the drunken style. 

Yes, the drunken style. Why do they call it the drunken style of fighting? 

Because we create movement like a physical, like a drunk guy, you know? Right, physically, but mentally, it's very clear. 

But what would be the advantage of acting like a drunk person in a fight? I obviously I don't understand. 

What would be the advantage of doing this?

That's the style, you know. When they punch you, you see the ducks, the ducks.

Oh, I see. You made yourself all kind of rubbery. 

Yes, and then they hit you, and you just sort of flick. 

Yes? Am I doing it well right now? Am I doing it very good? 

Very good, very good. 

I don't see how that would help me in a fight. 

Exactly! So what you're telling me to do is smile and then go like this? That's going to get me into more fights in New York City. 

You and I have something in common. You don't like anyone messing with your hair. Is that true? In a fight scene, you really don't like people touching your hair? 

Is that true? 

Nope, that is the joke. You know, when I make a movie, the hair lasts, you know, they have to take care of my hair. It always bother me and bother me, bother me. And I say, "Okay, okay, one day, I talked to people, 'You can beat me up, you can kill me, but don't touch my hair. That's all right.'" 

Right, like you. 

Right, yeah. I hate when I'm about to go do the show. A lot of people come out, and they're always touching this beautiful thing, and I'm like, "Leave it alone! Back off! Let the master do his thing." 

That's what I said. 

Greate! 

When you don't laugh at that,When you work, When you, It's very difficult. When you work with people who are not martial artists, other movie stars who haven't been trained, you have to be extra careful with them, don't you? 

Yes, of course! Like the first time I worked in the States, Lethal Weapon 4 with Mel Gibson, with Mel Gibson. With Mel Gibson? director first time, tell me is a "Jet, you can do everything, but you cannot hurt Mel. Don't hurt Mel." 

Yeah, Right. 

But the first day I worked with Mel, I was very excited. I worked with a huge star, right? I moved very quickly. 

Right after, Mel said, wait a minute, how many hits? How many movements? 

Right. 

I said seven. He said, "Why? I only saw two." 

Right. Right.

look at how faster. I can do that too! Look how fast I am! 

Yeah, you see that? Because they were drunk. 

Well, I am drunk. You can smell it for the show. 

Now you are, um, you're 42 years old, and you are in incredible shape. You seem like you'd be in the shape of like a 21-year-old. How do you do that? How do you stay in shape like that? 

I meditate every day, and also I play some badminton. 

Badminton.

Yes, I'm not learning any of the things that I want to hear: smile, act drunk, and play badminton. 

What uh, What has does badminton really help you? 

Yeah, it really helps because, you know, I can play anywhere I go. Right? You know, with when people, is enough. 

Right, not like basketball. You need five people. Right. ten people 

You know, badminton, you can play anywhere, and probably it's good  hand eye coordination. 

You had control your body to move, right? 

Yeah, right. That's fascinating! I'm going to start taking up badminton, and then people are going to really beat me up now. 

We mentioned this already, but this movie, Unleashed, it's an interesting idea that you are basically someone who was trained. In the movie, your character was never really taught to speak or communicate or have emotions. Your character was just trained to be an attack dog and fight. 

Yes, and then you end up meeting Morgan Freeman, and he tries to help you. But through a good part of the movie, you have to be someone who, for all intents and purposes, is a vicious animal. 

How did you train for that as an actor? How did you prepare? 

I played more than 30 movies. I always played tough guys. Right? It's the first time I play, you know, mentally, only 10 years old. Right? 

And the first thing I need to work with is an acting coach. Forget who Jet Li is, right? I just forget Jet Li completely, become this other person, learn in Danny's world, right? 

But I stayed in this world for seven months. I got very painful. You know, I got very hurt afterwards. The whole year, I didn't make movies. 

So because it was such a drain to do this one character, you decided, "I'm not going to make a movie for a year"? 

I just had to—it was very painful, right? Character, right? Right to be that person. 

And also, it must be hard for the people around you. 

Yes, when you're—because you become these characters, and then other people have to—you know, you take it home with you at the end of the day of shooting, probably. 

Yeah, you know, my lawyer, my manager, everybody said, "Hey, Jet, this is the next movie we want to talk about," and I say, "Get out of here! I'm Danny! I'm not Jet Li! I don't want to talk about the movie business. I only focus on the hair and Danny, Danny." 

Right, right. 

Well, they live in Hollywood, and they're in the industry. I'm sure they know what an attack dog is like, so they'll be fine. But it must be still very weird for them, I would think. 

you know for people to be around you when you're in kind of phase.

Yes, very hard for them. 

You, um, when you first came to the United States from China, you performed—this is 1974. Is that right? 

Yes. 

You performed as part of a show at the White House, and the president was President Nixon at the time. And during that period of time, there were very hostile, cold relationships between the United States and China. 

When you came to this country, they—and you stayed in a hotel room—they bugged your room. Is that true? 

Yeah, that I heard in where I was in China. Right? Because at that time, the two countries never closed. They don't understand each other. 

So, but I—and they—and so they I went to the hotel. I tried to say they have a real bug. Back in the day, somewhere, right? Like I talked to the mirror, talked to flowers. 

Yeah, I want chocolate. I want ice cream. 

You want chocolate? You want ice cream? 

Yeah, I want a banana. 

Yeah, so the next morning, you know, when I go to the demonstration, I go back, open the door, I'm shocked! Everything I wanted, I asked because I was on the table.

Just really? They got it for you? 

Well, that's very nice! That must have made you think, "Well, the United States, not so bad!" 

Okay, very, very good! At least they're—it's like you're a Jack in the Box; at least they're listening. That's nice. 

Well, Unleashed opens next Friday, and it's really very cool to meet you. I've always really wanted to have you on the show, so thank you so much for being here. 

Thank you for your success.

Jet Li. Let's check in again. We're going to check in with Jose and Dan at the Regatta Hotel in Atlantic City, and I think they've got Sammy Hagar doing a guest pool for us. 

There we go! Let's see what's up! Corn, I'm going to win you some money, brother! 

Nice! 

All right, thank you very much, Sammy Hagar, everybody! yeah!

Yeah, this is getting very, very exciting! All right, thank you, Jet Li! Jennifer Esposito coming up! We'll take a break; we'll be right back."
