 Cambodia is a country of 17 million people, with its historical roots traceable to the ancient Khmer Empire. The empire, at its peak, encompassed vast swathes of mainland Southeast Asia, and indeed its crown jewel, Angkor Wat, remains one of the most popular tourism attractions in the region today. The past 70 years have not been easy on Cambodia; indeed, ethnic strife, abhorrent political violence, and extensive elite infighting have left scars across most of this country. And yet, for ordinary Cambodians, the royalty has indeed served as a critical pillar of stability and hope amid upheaval and turmoil. Today, Cambodia stands among the fastest-growing economies in Asia. Between 1995 and 2019, Cambodia clocked in an average annual growth rate of 7.6%, a testament to its advantages in terms of young and abundant labor, cheap wages, proximate access to critical raw materials, and, of course, its enduring strengths in terms of the pro-free market policies adopted by the government. And yet, amidst intensifying geopolitical rivalry as well as realignment of supply chains in the region, how will Cambodia fare in the coming years? 

Well, answering that question is what brings us to Phnom Penh today. Dr. Sock Siphana is the senior minister in charge of special missions and chairman of the Trade Policy Advisory Board of the Royal Government of Cambodia. He is a seasoned diplomat, lawyer, academic, and public servant with significant experience navigating ASEAN and shaping Cambodia's policies in multilateral institutions. Thank you so much for your time. 

Dr. Siphana. It's such a pleasure to be here in this gorgeous room and to spend time with you. I want to start off with a question on trade. You've led many high-level delegations to some of the most prominent international conferences on trade: WTO, UNCTAD, the World Economic Forum, and many these You've conversed with leaders and heads of over the past couple of years really. So from their perspective, what do you see as the elements of the Cambodian economy and trade that get them most excited? What do they see as the relative impediments or obstacles they would like to see overcome in order for Cambodia to be further integrated into global trade? 

Well, I will have to go back some 20-plus years when I negotiated the accession of Cambodia to the WTO. I was thinking that the overwhelming effect of trade was felt at that time because WTO is the game changer for Cambodia. After emerging from the civil war, basically Cambodia didn't have anything, we didn't have resources, we didn't have capital, we didn't have the intellectual dimension of people. Most of our people perished during the killing fields. So we pretty much started from empty hands. And it was the WTO that really enabled us to kickstart our trade process. With the WTO or all this benefits that arise from accession. we've been able to really sustain about up to COVID time, 20 years of economic growth, steady, 7%, 6%, 7%, steady for two decades.

But fast forward 20 years later now, the situation is quite different. We are dealing with a world full of uncertainty: the US-China tension, the war in Ukraine, and recent events in the Middle East. So I think the situation is not the same as it was 20 years ago. There are a lot of challenges to the liberal order and a lot of challenges to democracy. I would say Cambodia will have to navigate throughout the next couple of years or even decade through this particular moment where I would say not everything is straightforward.

And then you have other emerging issues: climate change issue, carbon offset, fintech, and e-commerce, for that matter. Even e-commerce—20 years ago, what e-commerce? Of course, Cambodia is a small country, so we're more flexible, more nimble. We can adjust quite fast; we don't have a massive population to go through bureaucracy to reach a point where we have to make policy decisions. We're a small country with a young government; our prime minister is 46 years old, PhD in economy. So I mean, he understands all these dynamics, yeah. 

So, I was just wondering, given that China is your largest trading partner, followed subsequently by Vietnam, the US, Thailand, and then Japan, how will Cambodia be positioning itself for the coming 10 years in relation to China and the US? Do you see it as possible for Cambodia to remain balanced and hedged given the present dynamics? 

I would say the philosophy of Cambodia is very simple: we need friends. One enemy is one enemy too much; we need friends. And if we look at our trade composition, most of our trade—garments, footwear, travel bags would go to America, go to Europe. Most of our agricultural products go to China. So, So I would say there’s a place under the sun for everybody. So in this case, for Cambodia, there's a place in the sun for our various products and export goods. We will look at that. We will continue to look at the US in terms of travel bags, footwear, and garments because, let’s say, 40% of our exports go to the US. Even though with some, we do pay duties, it's okay; the industry is doing quite well. 

So the EU, yes, It is there. Now that the UK is outside Brexit, they have given us some very good trade preferences under the Developing Country Preferential Trading Scheme. We're doing well. I would say up to three years ago, when you know the EU tried to remove trade preferences under the EBA, that's when we, Because at that time, there some, you know, the main issue is with some human right issue. But we say look we can not trade sovereignty with trade preference. That not something we trade. But that was a time that's when we realized that we had to diversify. And China, for that matter, came to our rescue. To be fair, to be fair. China came, and we and China were the first Cambodia-China Free Trade Agreement we negotiate. And we did it, and from there on, other free trade agreements followed, with Korea and with the United Arab Emirates. 

But the good thing now, the good thing is that we have the RCEP. RCEP, Historically, I think it was a, I would say, it's a coincidence that RCEP negotiations were launched during Cambodia chairmanship of ASEAN 2012 and concluded 10 years later when all the member countries ratified, of course minus India. It was ratified and entered into force 10 years later when we had the third ASEAN chairmanship. So, RCEP is the second wave; RCEP is the second wave, WTO was the first wave, RCEP is the second wave. For us, we see opportunities arising from market access open under the RCEP. At the end of the day, we have a very good relationship with all countries. Of course, the narrative can sometimes be a bit hard on us because of the US-China tension. There are some people who favoring certain sides and they push the narrative. But we okay, we okay, we manage all right, we manage all right. 

One thing that you just mentioned that I found fascinating, as you said you will not trade off sovereignty for trade preferences. And I find that fascinating because, very often, when we see international discourses or discussions about Cambodia, it amuses and baffles me to see how much of the potential and value in this country is overlooked by commentators when they choose to pick and choose certain elements to focus on or amplify, whether it be in terms of their values or the principles they hold dear in the West or in other parts of the world. As someone who is so prominent in the trade negotiation process, representing Cambodia as an international spokesperson in many ways, how have you sought to convince skeptics—maybe not those who are inherently predisposed against Cambodia, but just skepticsi? And folks who know much about this country or know as much as they should, right, about this country. How do you go about persuading them to see the values, the merits, and also the virtues of the Cambodian state and economy? Is it challenging? Is it tough? 

I think the one thing that helps me right is that I'm not much of a diplomat. I'm not much of a diplomat. I'm more of a free thinker. I'm an academic, I'm a private sector, occasionally, I'm a diplomat. So, that versatility enables me to push my narrative as well, my counter-narrative as well. Of course, I wouldn't push it in front of 100 people on a microphone. There are certain things as a good diplomat you do not want to cross the line on, but a good coffee, a good lunch—yes, have a frank talk, a straight talk. You cut the hypocrisy out and you have to say that with many, most of them, when you have this private talk, they do accept your argument. They do know that there's a lot of hypocrisy in there and they would, and if you're honest and straightforward, if you're hard enough on your position and your principles, they will have to accept it. But you have to find the right moment, the right time, and the right place to pass your message, and they will respect you for that. 

In face of that, are you concerned about the pace of globalization? Are we going, are we moving backwards? Are we witnessing a regression in globalization that renders this pursuit of free trade 1.0, WTO 2.0, RCEP, kind of obsolete? I remember when Cambodia in a peace process in 1993. When we have peace, there was a Washington consensus in our peace accord that we signed. The West, to be fair, to be fair to the West. The West wanted Cambodia as a post-war genocide country—to use democracy and the liberal order, free market to rebuild a post-war devastated economy to be a well-to-do, prosperous country, which was great, which was great. But if I look at other countries, that’s not the case. Look at Europe now; I mean, there are so many losers from the globalization process than winners. I probably should use the word "reglobalization." I should use the term "reglobalization 2.0." Now we are rethinking. I don't think we are de-globalizing; I don't think so. The world is too connected. So, I think "reglobalization" is a better word. We still do business together. 

But all in all, I would say we have to really think how we are going to bring a more equitable source of wealth to people, whether rich or poor. So, I was just wondering, Dr. Siphana, are you worried about folks also losing out from this reglobalization wave here in Cambodia? And on that front What exactly can be done to help them transition and acclimatize to the challenges that lie ahead? 

A normal country would probably, If Cambodia is a normal country, didn't have the war, didn't have genocide, didn't have all this negative history. I should be worried. But Cambodia is very unique because we went through genocide; we lost everything. When we had the peace process, we started from scratch, we start from a zero base. We didn't have anything to protect; we didn't have any industry, we didn't have any money, we didn't have any savings, we didn't have knowledge. We got nothing. So, in that sense, We used to our pain threshold is very high. 30 years fast from the peace process, we are where we are now: a prosperous nation. 

And the beauty is that for the last 20 years, most of the Cambodian parents who could afford to send their kids to good schools. They send their kids to good schools. If they could send them to Australia or Singapore, whatever. For the last 15 to 20 years, we have sent our kids study abroad. Most of them are back now with their master's, with their PhDs, with their bachelor, they are come back to Cambodia now. They're helping their parents, who are mon-and-pop, traders 20 years ago. We have a young population, well educated now, speak good English. And they're their now are helping their parents move up their quality of their business side, right? 

We are reaching out to build the capacity of the associations, of the industry, of the sectors, how to be better, a more competitive bussiness. So, that’s what we’re going through now. The current government objective is to help build the capacity of our, in this case, for example, our cash nut because, look. We have about 700,000 metric tons of cashew nuts, we're number two after Côte d'Ivoire. Côte d'Ivoire is number one. We export 95% to Vietnam, 95%, so we are only processing about 5%. We focus now on processing cashew nuts and how we can establish a cashew industrial park. Our private sector are now in a position to step in, so I'm not too worried about that because the environment is very different, yeah. 

Dr. Siphana , you've had an incredible career. I want to ask you, given the hardships that your country endured and experienced, but also your own personal hardships and predicaments, how have you sought to navigate these times of low, these difficult moments in your life? What are your tips or reflections on endurance and perseverance? 

I think when you survive the killing fields, as I said earlier, your pain threshold is so high,  everything seems like a walk in the park. That's how I see it. If you have a bad day, well, you have a good night's sleep, and the next day will be a better day. And how I navigated through the post-killing fields period was all about benchmarking that pain. So I have a rough day, "Nobody's going to kill me tonight," so all good.  I feel better. I have a long discussion, hard tough negotiation with the counterpart, well, you know, it couldn't be as bad as the killing fields. So I would say, 

In relative terms, it's that pain threshold that sort of keeps me Zen. Keep me very Zen. I look at that life is what you make, make it. You can allow your emotions to carry you away, or you can control so that you can remain as Zen as possible. You cannot describe the difficulty, the pain, the misery, the hardship. So, that’s how I benchmark. Inner peace through benchmarking, through putting into perspective. Yes. One experence. Everything is relative; everything is relative. everything is relative.

Now I want to move on to actually the question of cultural relativism and value pluralism as well. Seeing as you mentioned relative. you founded the Asian Vision Institute, which is a very prominent leading think tank in the region. And a core part of its mission is to promote what you term "important dialogues" and conversations and infused with an Asian perspective. Do you personally believe there are unique Asian values? 

As a person who went through the killing fields, I have seen the worst of what humans can do to each other. It’s quite clear, but we also have to be mindful that each country we have our own culture. You're in my country now, I mean, the sense of respect is very high. I'm, you know, When I was a vice minister 25 years ago, I was the youngest in the cabinet. I had to, Because of my culture, I have to be very polite, I have to very  courteous to my elders, for example. I think you may have a good argument, but if you put it in the wrong perspective or context, your argument will not be bought. So, in a way, that mutual respect is so important. 

Take for example when we finished the war. When we ended the war, we had so many landmines—more landmines than people. The world helped us. Now, you know what we have become? The de-miners of the world. Our troops, our  UN peacekeeping forces, we go demining in other countries. Our peacekeeping force is out there, we want to give back to society, to the world. Siem Reap, the ecosystem, the cultural thing that we have now is a good examples of how Cambodia turned a cultural asset to be an economic asset. So, I would say Cambodia is in a position to give back a lot to the world now. 

And on that, what you said really touched me. As a born and raised Hong Konger, having spent 17 years in my home city, I decided to go back after finishing off my PhD. And of course, It behoves me to ask you a question about Hong Kong, a place for which I feel a very strong sense of affinity. You've been to Hong Kong several times. What can Hong Kong do better to help Cambodia and to work with Cambodia? And vice versa, in your opinion? 

For the last 15 years, the role of Hong Kong is very important for Cambodia in the sense that. Hong Kong has core intellectuals, lawyers, accountants, professional consultants. These are the people, at the time when the Belt and Road Initiative was just launched, You know, we looked a lot to Hong Kong to serve as a bridge, to serve as a bridge with mainland China. So I think the strength of Hong Kong still remains the same: that you have this high intellectual capacity in the region. in the region, In Asia, Hong Kong is still considered as a place where a lot of things of high intellectual value are there. 

It's wonderful to spend time with you today. Thank you very very much for your generosity, remarks, insights. We really appreciate it. Thank you.

As a country, as a people, Cambodia has been through a lot. The past few decades have by no means been easy for this country, with extensive suffering and devastation. And yet, if there's one lesson I could draw from my conversation with the wonderful Dr. Siphana, it is that ultimately, to recover from trauma and pain requires more than just resilience; it requires courage and creativity. Courage to stay true to who we truly are, courage to speak truth to power, and courage to recognize that our past and histories do not define us, even though they do teach us. At the very same time, creativity is how small and medium enterprises thrive at times of increasing geopolitical volatility. These are all instrumental parts of Cambodia's inimitable modernization story. 

