A television actress, Selena Lee, is a big name among fans of Hong Kong TV dramas, and now she's expanding her reach to another big city yet Singapore. That's right. Come February, she will debut in her first Singaporean a sitcom, although I have to correct that in shortly called "Spouse for House," which will air on Mediacorp's Channel 5. This marks the first time she is acting in an English-language series, so that's a big jump for her. 

Let's talk to her about how it's been going. Let's welcome actress Selena Lee to the program. Good morning, Selena.

Selena: Sorry, first up I said "sitcom" just there, but I have been informed it's actually a happy drama. Happy drama. Happy drama. No, not a sitcom. There is a difference, though is that. There is a difference happy drama—because we're all very happy actors! Loretta, Irene, Richard, and Desmond, you know, in the drama we're happy, and outside the drama, we're also very happy. We hang out a lot, and we still have this group chat that all of us are part of, and we still chat once in a while.

Okay, well obviously acting in English is no problem for you, but how is it different acting here in Singapore and working in Singapore compared to Hong Kong?

Actually, no. English is my first time acting, so I couldn't really memorize my scripts properly in the beginning because I'm so used to memorizing in Cantonese. So it was a bit weird for me at first. But, um, in terms of filming, it's amazing in Singapore. I love it. I hone everything about it! 

Oh, well actually, 90% of the time, I think we film about 12 hours a day, and that's amazing for me because usually in Hong Kong, it's about 16 to 20 hours or sometimes, you know, the longest I've gone is like three days without going home, just keep on going and going and going. So here, it's pretty much like a holiday. And I think. It's just the production cycle of episodes and series in Hong Kong is so jam-packed that they just have to push and push and push their actors. 

Well, the thing is, there are two sets of crews. So one for the day shift and one for the night shift—but actors are only one set of actors, so we've got to just keep on going. The crew kind of rotates 12 hours, 12 hours, yeah. But in Singapore, we have one set of crew, so everyone gets the same amount of sleep and rest. 

And also, I must mention paparazzi here, don't bother you as much, I imagine, or do they, what, how do you compare the media coverage?

I think Singapore is really nice because I heard the government here they don't, they respects a lot of privacy, of people's privacy. So there's no paparazzi here, as far as I'm aware. 

Interviewer: And you haven't seen them following you with cameras? Because I understand, back in Hong Kong, you've been the subject of quite a lot of paparazzi following and media interest—not just in your work life, but your personal life as well.

Unfortunately, that's part of the job. But I just hope everyone could just look at these gossip magazines and entertainment news as entertainment only because to be honest, I think about 90%—at least 90%—of the stuff they've written about me is all fake. So I think what's real is my name, and my name is Selena. 

And a picture of you is, yeah, it's all pretty much fabricated. Even sometimes the pictures aren't accurate, right?

Oh, sometimes they have me hugging someone, or they claim I'm making out. 

How do you deal with that, and how do you think you, as a person, have changed in the past 10 years working in the showbiz industry?

Well, initially, it was really tough. I was actually a little bit sad, and I stayed home a lot. What I mean, I didn't really stay in Hong Kong. If I had days off, I usually just traveled out because of the paparazzi. But now, I can just like I see it as entertainment. I don't really read gossip magazines, and I think people should just read it as storybooks, like a comic book or something, then people make up. I don’t take it seriously, so now I don't read it, and if people tell me about it afterward, laugh, get it. 

Do you often get questions, though? There must be situations where people close to you, like family members and, definitely you know, they can't help but see an article or someone asks them about it. Is it true? Did this happen? Does that get frustrating for you, you knowing the truth, but you maybe you haven't spoken to them and they've heard sources from other places telling them what's going on, and it might not be something that you totally know about?

Well, I'm very blessed. My family and my close friends know me very well, so they don't even ask. If they read something or see someone telling them something, they'll be like, "Do you know her personally?" "Nope." "Well then, it's not true!"

Right. Does it frustrate them, though? Because I mean they know you in, you know, they know you personally, they must get very frustrated when they see lies and things that aren't true said about you. They must want to come to your defense.

Well, they do. When people try to say something, they do. I mean, it's natural for them because they want to protect me. But so far, they've been very supportive, and they don't ask me because they already know a lot of people ask me questions who don't really know me very well, so they don't give me any headaches. So that's really nice. 

Yeah, let's talk about more important stuff. You're over here and I'm at the moment. Where do you think you'll head? What are your plans? Because at the moment, you're kind of branching out overseas, away from Hong Kong. Is that where you intend to go?

I'd love to explore more into Singapore for sure. I love Singapore and China, Taiwan—wherever. But, I mean, it's not like we can really plan for things to happen. Sometimes things just happen, and you just go with the flow, especially in our industry. And right now, I feel like I'm in a very comfortable spot. We're liking all the hard work before you have,

I used to, like, work drama after drama after drama, like no holiday, no sleep for years. That was the time when you had to work really hard to get exposure and get your name out there. Now I think I'm at a spot, you know, where I can do two dramas a year in Hong Kong and then maybe explore elsewhere and take some holidays. So I think I'm very happy right now. 

Easy now, yeah? 

Like I actually have a life! I have my own life, and then I have work, so I think I found my good balance right now. 

Are you mentioning dramas in Hong Kong? And this series you're doing here in Singapore is a bit lighter—it's a happy drama, if you like. Is this the first time you're sort of branching into more comedic or more light-hearted roles?

I have done comedies before, but this is the first time I have, I'm acting with a whole new cast. You know, in Hong Kong, at the TV station, you kind of already know everyone or at least you've worked with some of the cast. But this time, it’s totally brand new, so it's refreshing.

Hello, HK! They were showing at the moment some talented cast members. Did you have any trouble understanding our Singlish?

No, Yeah, if anything, because after a while, I started speaking Singlish! Like, definitely, I'm like, "Okay," like taking it to them. 

I think you're going to fit in perfectly!

Actually, I think Singlish is it mixes the conversation or the sentences. Everything sounds a bit warmer. If you're just like "I'm okay," it sounds really rough, but if you're like "Oh, I'm okay," you know? It just sounds sweeter, softer. 

Yeah, just nice. A variety of— for Singaporeans anyway. When they go abroad, are you thinking of going back to Canada, where you grew up? And now, Do you think you're permanently based in Asia now?

Yes, yes. In Toronto, my mom is still in Toronto, but I visit sometimes. But it's actually really cold! 

I actually find, I don't know, I grew up in Toronto back then, but I didn't think it was that cold. But living in Hong Kong, now I think Hong Kong is cold!

That's because you've been Singapore two month.

I've been heading to warmer climes. It's totally under. The weather is perfect, I think!

Yeah, I'm good. Thank you so much for coming in and sharing with us your story. 

Thank you so much for watching! Selena Lee, a TV star, speaking to us about her career in Hong Kong's fast-paced, highly competitive television industry, and now moved over to Singapore's fast-paced, highly competitive TV industry as well. That's right! Upcoming series "Spouse for House" will premiere on Mediacorp Channel 5 on the 11th of February, just before Valentine's Day. So do stay tuned for that!
