"Can't be better than this. Number one is India. Americans are not good at this, and I'm just going to throw it. Hi, my name is Brook Goodman, and today we are going to play 'Guess the Nationality' based on the English accents. I think it's going to be a really good time. 

Yeah, of course. Actually, I noticed that a lot of people who speak English as a second language, especially in Asia, speak a really perfect version of English. I'm from Florida, so like the South of the United States, it's very lazy spoken English. So every time I hear someone who speaks English as a second language, I'm always really, really impressed by their literal perfection. The pronunciation isn't totally clear; of course, we can still see the influence of people's native languages and how they pronounce English. It's different based on whatever country they're from. I noticed that a lot of people from the Philippines have vowel sounds that are a little bit different, and maybe the way that English is spoken is more of like a staccato if it comes from someone who is Japanese or Korean. A lot of times they mix up the R and the L sounds. I understand why those R and L sounds are very similar in their own native languages, or maybe they don't even have certain sounds, like the letter Z in English doesn't exist in Korean, so it sounds like a hard J. 

Uh, yeah, I think I can maybe I'll get tricked a little bit realistically speaking, but I think I can guess. I'm going to listen closely to how they pronounce the vowel sounds first, then I'll listen to some of the consonant sounds like R's, L's, D's, T's, V's, and W's. I'll check those next. 

Can you please introduce yourself? 

Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. 

Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. 

Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. 

Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. 

Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. 

This is going to be a little bit harder than I thought. Their accents are actually quite clear, so I can still hear some things that aren't native English sounding. So I'm going to try to think about what country they come from. 

Oh my gosh, okay, what's your favorite movie? 

What's your favorite movie? 

What's your favorite movie? 

What's your favorite movie? 

What's your favorite movie? 

First guess which country they come from. I think number five is Vietnam. I think number four is the Philippines, I think. And number three maybe Japan. I'm just going to throw it. Okay, I think maybe number one is Malaysia, number two is Indonesia, and number five is Vietnam. That's my guess. I think I might be totally wrong. 

Can't be better than this. Number one is India. Can't be better than this. Can't be better than this. Can't be better than this. Can't be better than this. I thought I heard a pretty distinctive accent. I used to have some online friends that are Indian, and they speak Hindi. So to me, that's what the Hindi accent sounds like with English. So I think number one is India. I'm certain, actually. 

So four left. What is your favorite color? 

My favorite color is red because it's the color of love. 

Yeah, it's nice reason.

My favorite color is blue because I look good whenever I wear blue. 

Number three, what is your favorite color? 

My favorite color is actually blue also because it represents kind of like peace. It brings me peace whenever I see the color blue. 

So yep, my favorite color is pink because it's my comfort color. 

I think number four is the Philippines. 

My favorite color is also pink because it's so cute. 

Number one is India, actually. I'm having a hard time with the rest of them. Number two is Malay. I have to, I don't think number three is from Japan at all. Now I'm trying to think of countries. World geography, Americans are not good at this. An Asian country that speaks English as a first language, I feel like that's not many. 

I think number three is Pakistan. She's got a really soft and sweet voice. When I, when I, when I was in high school, I had one of my classmates who was also from Pakistan. Her voice is also really soft and sweet. 

So okay, so number one is India, number three is Pakistan. 

Can you please tell me what your favorite color is one more time? 

My favorite color is blue because I look good whenever I wear blue. 

I'm going to guess number two is the Philippines. 

Number four, can you please tell me your favorite color one more time? 

My favorite color is pink because it's my comfort color. 

No, number four is the Philippines. 

Sorry, number five, can you please tell me your favorite color? 

My favorite color is pink because it's so cute. 

I think number five is Hong Kong and number two is Singapore. 

Okay, that's my final guess. 

You will have bad times, but it will always wake you up to the good stuff you weren't paying attention to. Suddenly time travel seems almost unnecessary because every detail of life is so delightful. Your spark isn't a soul's purpose; that last box fill in when your ready to come live. When you are old, all you want to do is stare at the scenery. 

I've never felt so peaceful. It's warm, it's cozy, and safe, like somebody's whispering in your ear, 'Everything's gonner to be okay.' 

Number one, I think, is India because just the way that the consonants and the vowels are spoken in a shorter manner, I feel like that accent is an Indian accent. So that's why I'm pretty certain number one is India. 

Number two, I think maybe Singapore. Actually, I don't know anyone from Singapore, maybe like process of elimination, I guess. 

Okay, number three, I think is from Pakistan because the way that she speaks the words really softly, like a flower. 

And then number four is the Philippines. Pronounce the english, I can't pinpoint exactly; it's kind of like the intonation is a little bit different. Like maybe intonation is a bit steeper with the English words. I think that's why number four is the Philippines. 

And number five, I think, is from Hong Kong. Hong Kong still has some Mandarin language influence, and so I know that in Hong Kong, they speak Cantonese. I heard a little bit of the R sound that wasn't totally clear, so that's why I'm kind of leaning towards Hong Kong. 

I'm still not totally sure except for number one. Number one, I'm totally sure. But everyone speaks English quite well, so I'm glad they gave me a hard time. 

Yeah, of course. I'm ready. 

Hi, my name is Grace, and I'm from India. Nice to meet you. 

Nice to meet you, yeah. 

Hello, hello, my name is Hazeline, and I'm from Malaysia. 

Oh, sorry, I got... you're not exactly wrong. I lived in Singapore for a long time. 

Really? Okay, okay. 

So yeah. 

Okay, okay, I'm not, I'm not crazy. 

Hello, my name is Sing, I'm from Singapore. 

Okay, hi, my name is Anuka, I'm from the Philippines. 

Okay, yeah, nice to meet you. 

Hi, I'm Amanda, I'm from Hong Kong. 

Yeah, okay, okay, I wasn't totally wrong. 

Okay, I think it was nice meeting you ladies. 

Yeah, like three and a half—technically three and a half. 

To me, I listen to the speed at which words are pronounced, and I listen to the intonation first. Sometimes I hear like up and down intonations, or sometimes the consonants and the vowels aren't 100% pronounced like a native English speaker would pronounce it, either from the UK or from the US or wherever. 

Yeah, those were the clues that I kind of listened out for, and I used that, and I did a good job. Yay! 

So I have to say the most difficult one to guess was number three. I was so sure, I was so sure she was from Pakistan, but I was wrong. So she's actually from Singapore. So now I know what a true Singaporean accent sounds like. I feel like I've learned a lot. 

Number one, I knew was from India because I've just heard that accent so many times growing up. You know, America has a lot of people from different countries. I knew a lot of people from India and Mexico, so it's just, it's my comfort, comfort zone, almost. So I'm really familiar with it. 

I feel like this was a really good experience. Ever since I moved to Asia, I was able to meet so many people from so many different countries on a much larger scale than when I lived in America. So I feel like because I can meet all of these lovely ladies, I can know a little bit more about the world and the people in it. 

So today I tried to guess people's nationality based on their English accent. If you liked today's video, please give a like, write a comment, and subscribe. And see you soon! 

Bye! "
