Hi, I'm Sha Lyn, and you're watching the AU reviewAU. talking about touring. You are coming to Australia very soon, yeah? Can you tell us a little bit about this trip coming up? 

Yeah, I'm actually really excited. And Ever since I became a singer, I'm actually really surprised how often we get to travel to Australia because I get to travel to Australia maybe at least once or twice a year.And It's cause their Asian market is actually a lot bigger than I thought, and so and therefore we have the opportunity to perform there. And This coming September, we're going to have a show there. It's actually not my show, but it's Paco's concert in Melbourne, and I feel really lucky because every time he has a show, he'll always bring me along to be his guest. I think that's really cool like a kind of he. I look up to him like an older brother, so I really appreciate how he always tries to give me these opportunities in terms of performing in different places. So there we're coming in September to Melbourne. Get your tickets online and come see us!

You can tell you've been to Australia before because you pronounced Melbourne correctly. 

Really? How do people pronounce it? 

Well, some people pronounce it Melborn, but actually a Melbourne, a Melbourne,

Yeah, you pronounced it correctly. I think it's cause I have a really strong American accent, so I don't know. Actually, maybe, maybe, I guess it's the accent thing. 

Could be. Talking about Australia, I guess, what's your, what's your favorite memory of Australia from when you, when you visit last time? 

Definitely the food because I love seafood. I've been to Sydney's, um, is it the something Market? 

The Fish Market. 

Yeah, the Fish Market, and it's amazing. I remember going with my manager. We went at 7:00 in the morning, and we were having oysters. Yeah, because we didn't have any other time. Basically, every time I travel to Australia, it's always like a 3-day trip, and it's intense. 

So you get to stay a while and have a look around? 

Exactly, but we do eat a lot. Every time I go to Australia, I always gain weight when I come back. But basically, we didn't have time to go to the Fish Market, so it was the only chance to go before our flight. So we had to go at 7 in the morning, and we were having like two dozen oysters, scampi, oie, and I was like, "Oh my God, I love seafood, but I'm bloated!" But it was a fun experience because it was so fresh.

Yeah, let's talk about movies. You shot a film this year. Can you tell us a little bit about this film, "When Geek Meets Serial Killer"? 

Yeah, as you can tell from the name, it's actually a funny movie; it's a black humor. And It's about a guy, actually two guys, meeting on the internet and how they started to bond through the internet. And then after they met, they started killing people together. 

As you do. 

Yeah, well, for me, I was just playing the role of one of the guys' girlfriends. So I kind of had like, I was kind of like schizophrenic. So I kind of had like two two sides of my personality: one side is a very innocent, really homegirl kind of girl, like the girl next door, and then the other side is more vicious and more devious and has a lot of mind games playing that kind of, that kind of character. So it was quite interesting to try to play both sides. But I think the biggest challenge in this movie is that I actually tried to, I was able to try out wires and fighting scenes and killing scenes, and that's something I've never tried before. So I think this was actually quite interesting.

Is there a role that you really want to play in the future? Is there a particular? 

I really wanted to, I really want to try like a real, straight-on fighting role, but this wasn't like a straight-on fighting role. It was a good chance for me to learn about it because I've never known how it's like to work with like a stunt team or work with wires or having to practice how it's like to have a fight scene in a movie. But after I tried it, I'm actually even more interested in it.

Plans for the rest of this year, besides coming to Australia and the album and your movie? I can't keep track of you, of course, because you're doing so much. Any other plans for the rest of this year? 

Yeah, I'm going to do—this is not music-related though—but I'm going to do a half marathon. 

Oh yes, I see you've been training on your Instagram! 

So basically, I think Hong Kong artists are more versatile; they try everything. Like apart from just singing and acting and maybe TV series, we have a lot of other stuff going on on the side as well. So maybe some artists would do like businesses, like I don't know, like maybe in food and beverage or fashion, and for me, I've picked up another interest, and that's running. 

So, marathon running? 

Yeah, well, actually this is kind of related to my work and what I'm doing right now because I started running before because I really wanted it to help me with singing. 

Because of your breathing? 

Yeah, the whole breathing thing. At first, I really didn't like to exercise that much because I never really exercised throughout my childhood years. But I really had to force myself and push myself in the beginning. Right after I completed my first 10 kilometer marathon, I felt great. Ever since then, I was really addicted to it because it gave me a great feeling of success. So I just wanted to push myself further, and like after entering, like a few 10 kilometer marathons, I feel like it's about time to try something more—so a proper one. 

Yeah, like a proper one. 

So I entered the 21 kilometer race this year. 

Wow, and that's coming up soon in September, right before Melbourne? 

Wow, so I'm going to be really busy training with my singing, performing, working, and running. So it's pretty cool. 

Um, I guess lastly, do you have a message for your fans who may be watching this video right now? 

Oh, hi everyone in Australia or anywhere else in the world! I'm Shiga, and I love to sing. I hope my songs touch your heart, and if you are living in Melbourne, remember to buy our tickets and come down and see us in September.
