"My name is Eason Chan, and I am a singer-actor. Yeah, mainly a singer. Music is—I mean, getting out of bed in the morning or going to sleep, I need music. Without music, I don't think I,  well, I don't think there's, there's no music ever. And Music is it gives me a lot of... oh, it gives life, it gives life to me, actually. That's music's passion. 

Sounds like a great word, passion. I think it's inborn. As human beings, of course, we have the downside sometimes, but you see, that's passion. Yeah, people die. Maybe not that bit of water, then who wants to go? You know, the musicians' passion is something we need to ponder on in life, definitely. I think at a very young age, I discovered the passion for music. I think everybody needs it. Everybody loves music. I don't belive, I can't believe there’s anyone who doesn't like music. There is no, no, absolutely no, no music I dislike.

I like rock music, actually. I do like rock music. I like, would you have to name the band? I just saw... I like fusion. Actually, like lately, I just saw the Gorillaz show in Hong Kong, the Plastic Beach Tour, and they were great. It's just a mixture of the woodwind with the strings and, you know, chamber music and also East African music with great visuals, and a British rock band. And It makes my life a mixture. So I like fusion. I like everything: Miles Davis, I like Madonna, like Bowie, I like U2, everything basically, and Jimi Hendrix, Lenny Kravitz. I don't know, Jamiroquai, Incognito. I could go on. 

I'm sorry. I think the ice moment for music is the ice moment for life. You know, we get stuck at some point. I think everyone does get stuck in life when you have too much work. At that time, you just... well, my work is you know, very much related to music. So when I'm stuck, I just go on holiday, just get away, hide away, you know, go to court somewhere or, you know, or even stay home, read a book, just think about nothing—disconnect, just isolate yourself for a little bit. And you get bored, then you get back to life again.

Wow, at this moment... well, there are so many options, but at this moment, I can think of the Beatles in my life. I don't think I could be a policeman or a fireman. I tried studying architecture, but I don't know. I mean, I've been in this business for over 15 years. I was a career, so I don’t think I know any other capabilities. I don't know anything else apart from... well, I guess I could do social work, you know, help out society maybe. You know, because I like talking a lot, so I guess I could be a social worker and, you know, try and talk someone out of, you know, if they're thinking the wrong way, like trying to help themselves or something, you know?

I know life is good; it’s beautiful. In your song, 'Synthesizers,' it's funny because when I was very young, I used to share my Cantopop idol singers. There's this guy called Jacky Cheung, and I don't know why my dorm mates, they every time I played the music, the Cantopop CD in the CD player, they would say, ''  I can tell is it's a Cantonese song. I think the Cantopop is like the synthesizers they use. I think it's the arrangement, then dun dun dun, the chord progressions kind of repeat themselves. You know, this is something I think it's... um a trying, but it's because, I, I'm, I’m  very nosy. I like to listen to all sorts of different music: thrash music or, you know, "dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah", you know, that kind of stuff, metal, whatever, you know?

And I'm trying to, since I'm kind of a little bit of an influential, influentiality? you know, whatever, influence on, um in the Greater China region, try to just try  different genres of music rather than just the synthesizers. You know, the, that's what I've been told when I was young. Oh my, you know, schoolmates ago, 'Oh no, you know, that's a... , that's a catchy song.' I'd go, 'Yeah, whatever, I like it.'

So, sort of Messi—oh, I love him! He's the best player. How do I think I'm connected to him? Well, I love football, because in Hong Kong, at the primary school level, we play football—what you call soccer. It's one of the main sports. And, of course, I'm a big fan of football—well, soccer, same thing. And Messi, I think he has passion—you can tell. I mean, he's got a quick mind, he's smart, and it's very entertaining watching him play because he's passionately enjoying himself on the pitch, on the football pitch. So, yeah, I think it's like me enjoying myself on stage. Sometimes I get a little bit over the top, but you know, I'm not different from basketball players. I mean, they're tall, of course. Beckham, come on!

Yeah, well, I wish I had his body, and I think a lot of kids look up to him. If you see him, if you, If you see him play when he was young at the club or as an England player, English player until now, he is. I don't have some people are just born with a lot of influence over other people. And I think he's doing a lot of good. And he's had his bad times, you know, getting the red card in the World Cup and, you know, the fuse went off, kind of that kind of stuff. But they're good examples. He's just human, and he's definitely got passion to life, not just not just football himself and he's contributing back. He’s got this football score, everything, to encourage the sport and the spirit. 

Yeah, the good spirit. I think of her... I've seen that name. I don't know if I've heard her music. I'm sure she's pretty good. Well, Li Bingbing, the actress, yeah, of course. She's in a lot of good movies, and well, she could definitely act very well as an actor. Oh, I wish I could work with her pretty soon! Hi, Li Bingbing! 希望你有機會可以跟你合作.

That's... that was Mandarin. Yeah, hope I can work with her, yeah."
