"Today we wanted to test if students from our top three universities in China could speak fluent English. The results are so unexpected. Let's take a look. 

My name is Alex, nice to meet you. 

Meet my name is P. 

Yeah, Ping. 

Yeah, yeah. 

Okay, amazing. Um, so first question off the bat: was it hard for you to get into Fudan, or was it difficult? 

Oh, I think it's quite difficult to enter Fudan after high school graduation because it's very competitive in China today. The examination is really hard. Were your parents super proud and happy? 

I guess, yeah, it’s a surprise. They do like a celebration. 

Yeah, yeah, yeah. 

With the family and stuff? 

Yeah, yeah, that's certainly it. And we also invite teachers to show our appreciation for them. It's really common in China. 

Your high school teachers? 

Yeah, yeah, high school. 

Okay, very good. And what made you study? 

Oh, I started in Spanish. 

Spanish language? 

Yeah, Spanish language. 

Okay, so Spanish must be very good! Maybe I can speak some Spanish. 

I think I can communicate fluently. 

Yeah, I can tell your English is amazing as well! How did you learn English growing up? 

Uh, like, yeah, I started learning English when I was in primary school. 

Oh, okay, like from seven years old? 

Yes, yes. So, I have learned English for about 10 years or more. 

Yeah, okay. What major do you study at Fudan here? 

Uh, I'm studying business management. 

Oh wow, wow! And your English is really good! How did you learn your English growing up? 

Uh, actually, in China everyone tries to study English from our primary school, so we need to study English quite greatly because of our major in business or finance. So we need to use English to write some reports. 

So we need to... 

And did you find any challenges learning English as you were growing up or studying? 

Yes, of course. My English is not so great now, so I'm trying to... um, like watch films or others to improve it. 

Okay, do you have any aspirations of studying abroad outside of China? If so, which countries perhaps would you want to go to? 

Uh, actually, we are in the DM program, so in this semester and after summer, we need to go to Italy. 

Yes, Fudan is the next master's program. 

So, yes, how long would you be there for? 

Uh, about a year. 

Yeah, wow, amazing! So you're starting to brush up on Italian as well? 

Yes, yes, yes! 

Nice to meet you, I'm Alex. And what's your name? 

Oh, you can call me Andrew. 

How did you learn such good English? 

Well, it's hard to say my English is good; I don't think I’m as fluent as native speakers. But thanks to my parents, they have very good insight and pushed me to start learning English when I was only three years old. I regret that my English level has not achieved what they expected me to achieve. 

Yeah, I can tell your English is already very good. 

My name is Le Hong from the School of Mathematical Institute. 

Nice to meet you, Le Hong. Yes, and you play basketball? 

Yeah, I'm going to play a game. 

Oh, sorry, are you late? 

No, no, it's half past four, so you have some time still because I love basketball as well. So, who's your favorite basketball player? 

Uh, Stephen Curry. 

Stephen Curry? Do you shoot threes like him as well? 

Uh, I shoot rather well but not very good. Just he's a little bit better than me. 

Much better? 

Yes! 

Um, obviously your English is very good. How did you learn your English growing up? 

Um, I just picked up my English from my primary school. It’s not very good, but it’s enough to communicate. 

It's enough to communicate? 

Yeah, yeah. 

And when you made it to Fudan, when you were admitted to the university, were your parents very proud of you? What was the celebration like? Was it a big party? 

Um, maybe it's not a very big party, but our whole family was very excited, and they shared the good news with each other. 

And yes, of course, it’s a big enjoyment. 

Yes. 

My name's Eva. 

Eva. Nice to meet you! So what school did you go to? 

Um, I major in journalism. 

Journalism? 

Yeah, okay at Fudan. 

Yeah, yeah. 

Was it extremely difficult for you to get into Fudan? Did you study very hard to get in? 

Um, yes, I just did my best. 

Yeah, okay. And in terms of your parents and your family, were they very happy that you got in? 

Yeah, yeah, they're really happy. They think Fudan is really a good school, a good university in China. When my grades came out, they were really excited. 

Yes, exactly! 

I guess your English is quite good. How did you learn English? Was it at school? 

Mainly I learned it at school, but I was preparing for this for two months, so maybe it’s my peak English level. 

Yes, yes, okay, quite good! 

How did you learn English? Because your English is very good. 

And that's not very good at practice. 

Yeah, so you had a lot of practice growing up, is it? 

Uh, yes, we love to get some chances to practice English and also we have to use it in the work, but I think there's still a long way to improve it. 

Call me Jerry. 

Jerry? 

Okay, very cool! Um, so Jerry, what do you study at Fudan? 

So it's a PhD student. 

A PhD student? 

Oh, very good! What's the major? 

In business management. 

Business management? 

Okay, how did you learn English growing up in China? 

My English is not very good, but I have taken a master's degree experience at the University of Southampton in the UK, so perhaps it was a good time for me to talk to foreigners and speak some English. 

It's not very good, I think. 

How long did you spend in the UK? 

Just one year. 

One year? 

Okay, so you did study over there for a little bit. 

One year already! 

Yeah, yeah, yeah. Where do you study? 

Uh, right now it's at Purdue University. 

Do you know that? 

Yes, Purdue? 

Yeah, of course, I know Purdue. 

Yeah, yeah. 

Wow, so you're from the US? 

Uh, I'm from China, but I'm doing the PhD there. 

So, right. And how did you learn your English growing up? Because your English is really amazing! 

It's not that amazing, but I'm trying to improve it. 

So how did you learn? 

So basically after I went to Purdue last year, I became a teaching assistant, so it's a course to help improve your English. 

And also, yeah, the most important thing is to try to exercise more and get some confidence to talk to the right foreigners here."