we now shift focus to quick heal. The stock has been a doubler on a year-to-date basis and has risen over 10% on a monthly basis as well. Now, due to its various product launches, however, it's under pressure today. We spoke to the chief executive officer Vishal Salvi about the recent launch of anti-fraud.ai. Listen in to what he had to say. Yeah, so this is a completely new category of a product that we have launched after three decades in the cybersecurity industry.
industry and having a very flagship product of antivirus, which is for B2C. We have now launched antivirus-related product, but this is basically into anti-fraud. And it addresses the issue of the growing problem of frauds that are happening because of rapid digitization. And this is the first time actually in three decades that we're creating a second category
product so of course you know we have great expectations in terms of how this will be adopted and given that you know it is something which is completely new in the Indian market we know we expect that we will add significant value in terms of protecting customers from falling victims to the growing frauds right but can just talk to us about how this might add to your revenue top line will it take time or what
What is the schedule?
it has already started in the in the sense that you know we've already started dispatching uh the inventory to all our partners and resellers and we've had a global uh pan india launch uh across each of the regions uh where there has been very good uh participation from our partners to uh see the demand that can grow so if you know for all practical purposes it's already now launched
and we'll start getting revenues recorded from this quarter onwards. Got that. Okay, let me move on to talking about the revenue mix. Your focus gradually has been moving towards enterprise customers from the consumer-based category. Like, for example, it was 20 to 18 FY21, and in the recent quarter, it has been around 43 to 57%. So can you tell us more about how this enterprise business
is looking out for you? Is it more margin-accretive? And why such a kind of shift? And what are your future plans? Bakhil has been, you know, pioneers in cybersecurity and antivirus for many years. It has withstood the last three decades of innovation and changes which have happened. And we have a market position in terms of, you know, all the products that we have
B2C and it was natural that we pivot towards enterprise security and because you know of course there's a significant amount of growth and in you know you know in terms of the overall market that is growing as far as enterprise security is concerned and also there are so many avenues to create value addition and different solutions which are coming up in the market so quick heal has created enterprise
brand called Securite. And in that, we have different product sets in terms of protection, detection, and prevention. And so we have a host of these solutions that we have introduced in the market. And we believe that's where the future growth will lie as far as the company is concerned. So the investments have been happening for over the past seven or eight years. And we are now at a position where we are able to see the benefits of that growth, which is
where you can see that 40% of our revenues are coming from enterprise and it's growing on a corporate basis. Right. Okay, so let me talk to you about the margins. One doubt which I had is when you move to the B2B business, don't you think your negotiating power in terms of B2B business will go down because of the competition over there? I think the market is fairly large. It is growing. The problem related to cybersecurity is only increasing
because of the way in which we're adopting digital, cloud, AI, data, and so many regulations coming in and expectations. Obviously, organizations are facing a significant challenge, and there are many organizations who adopted it, and there are many more organizations who are yet to adopt it. So I think the market is fairly large. There is still an untapped segment of customers who have not yet adopted cybersecurity in a holistic manner. And, you know, we are the only
only Indian make in India story, right? Where we argue well for Atmanir Bhara and make in India. And so, you know, from that point of view, there's a humongous opportunity for a company like us who have been in the forefront of creating these solutions for many years. And now, you know, really investing in various solutions for enterprise. So we do believe that, you know, we have a huge amount of play
market is concerned and also I think you know enterprise business has great margins you know and and also there's a lot of predictability and consistency in terms of collections and other things so so therefore I think it's a it's a business that we believe is going to help us to grow and scale the company to a different level altogether right so as you said that enterprise business is is more margin accretive, so can you just maybe qualify it in terms
of a number so we have not you know shared these details publicly and also you know right now we are on silent period so i won't be able to share much but having said that you know one of the things which i've definitely shared is that we believe and we have seen and observed that the enterprise business gives us better collections better margins and and obviously better scale so
It's definitely an area where we're going to double down. We are investing significantly in innovation. We are one of the largest malware labs in the country. If not in country, I think it's also in this region as well. And we are doing a lot in terms of adding new solutions. So we have already released Horizon 2 products, and now we are in the process of releasing Horizon 3, which is the new technologies and new solutions which are going to come in the future for enterprises.
Right. Okay. So what kind of mix do you see going forward for the enterprise and customer? Do you see like a 50-50 or even more from coming from the enterprise? Oh, definitely. It's going to be crossing 50 very soon, right? At the rate at which we are growing, you know, we moved from 2080 to already 40-60. And so, you know, clearly if you look at the market, 95% to 5% is the split between enterprise and the consumer globally.
So obviously that's a potential that we have, you know, in terms of how we can grow and start getting our share. Of course, we are new to pivot to enterprise security. And so, you know, we have a way to go in terms of how when we catch up there. But, you know, all the trends that we have seen the last five or six quarters, as far as the company is concerned, we are seeing the trajectory where every quarter we are consistently growing our enterprise by our business. And that will continue to happen. while we continue to strengthen our B2C and consumer
business and the fact that we are now launching a new category of anti-fraud, which is very different from anti-virus, is a demonstration that we continue to also focus on our core, which is our consumer business. Right. Got that. Very interesting part on how you want to scale up the enterprise business. But let me talk to you about the Microsoft outage which happened recently. So these kind of outages which happen
Do you look at it as an opportunity for you to pitch your solution to the enterprise and the customer? Or give me some kind of color on how this can pose as an opportunity for you. I think one thing which has the Microsoft CrowdStrike outage has highlighted is the widespread importance of cybersecurity solutions in today's digital world. Right?
And you can imagine that one product going down can cause such a big impact to the world and the global markets. So obviously it's a very important responsibility that every vendor, not just a cybersecurity vendor, but any vendor has in terms of making sure that the products are efficient and are working and do not create a denial of service to its customers. Obviously this incident gives us
an example of the importance of how updates, the software updates that you release on your endpoints are critically to be tested properly before it is released to the market. So clearly, you know, this is one example of how something can go wrong and the world should know about it. It can happen to anyone. So we don't want to just say that, you know, and criticize it. But I
I think we can learn from this. At the same time, we are extremely proud and happy to say that, you know, Viki in its history has never faced such a challenge. We obviously managed 9 million endpoints across the globe, and we have never had a blue screen of that kind of an issue for so many years. And so we have a very robust testing methodology and how we do it, and we will continue to do that. We obviously always look at opportunities to how we can...
our products can add value to our customers. And we are seeing a strong uptake as far as that is concerned in the Indian context, right now, for enterprise business. And, you know, obviously, every situation creates an opportunity for us. And in this case, you know, our customers were happy that they never faced this problem because they were using our software. Right, got that. Very interesting. Of course, customers would now be more aware on how software is important.
software security is important but one last question because of crunch of time uh quick heal has done immensely well given more than 150 return in last one year but i would want to know what are your moats that you're looking forward to in the near term at least for the next three to four quarters uh for our viewers i think we have done uh you know since the time it's been now just about a year that i've come on board um as a ceo of quick heal and uh some of the changes that
we are doing is in terms of you know strengthening our leadership uh so we've hired uh various uh leaders from different parts of the industry uh and we're happy that we've been able to attract them and you know it is giving us a clear momentum in terms of you know what how we want to execute our strategy uh as far as uh the sales is concerned you know we we've kind of um re-energizing and reinventing our sales motion as far as enterprise sales is concerned
and so there is a significant amount of, you know, addition not just in the senior but mid-management level, you know, as far as our sales, enterprise sales is concerned. And the third is I think, you know, we kind of committed to, you know, our product roadmap and, you know, Quick Heal has been at the center of innovation. We have nine patents across cybersecurity, which, you know, not many people are aware of.
and extremely proud of Indian company having nine cybersecurity patents. And so the foundation of our company is innovation. And the malware lab that I talked about having 100 plus researchers who are day in day of looking at what's happening around the world in threat landscape. So we're kind of looking at how deep we can go in terms of and how we can monetize some of the knowledge that we have, which is very, very critical for today's world.
in terms of disseminating that information and using that information to protect our customers and their infrastructure from attack. So that's really what we are doing in terms of making sure that we have a clear roadmap of current as well as future and we are reinvesting all our profits into that innovation and R&D. We are going to invest significantly in sales and making sure that we have a good leadership team,
to drive that and driving the talent density of the organization. So these are some of the very important pivots which are and we are going so well so far and we have a very long term view in terms of how we want to grow the organization. Music
