Television actress Selena Lee is a big name among fans of Hong Kong TV dramas and now she's expanding her reach to another big city, Singapore. That's right. Come February, she will debut in her first Singapore sitcom, although I have to correct that shortly, called Spouse for House, which will air on Media Corp's Channel 5. It's the first time she will be acting in an English-language series, so that's a big jump for her. Let's talk to her about how it's been going. Let's welcome actress Selena Lee to the program. Good morning, Selena. Good morning. Selena, sorry, first up, I said sitcom just there, but I have been informed it's actually a happy drama.
drama. There's a difference though, is there? There is a difference, happy drama, because we're all very happy actors in the drama. There's Hallerick, there's Irene Richard and Desmond, and you know, in the drama we're happy, and outside the drama we're also very happy. Like, we hang out a lot, and we still have this group chat where all of us are part of, and then we still chat once in a while. Okay, well obviously acting in English is no problem for you but how is it different acting here in Singapore and
working in Singapore compared to Hong Kong? Actually no, in English it's my first time so I couldn't really memorize my scripts properly in the beginning because I'm so used to memorizing in Cantonese so it was a bit weird for me in the beginning but in terms of filming it's amazing in Singapore, I love it. I hope it's amazing about it. Well actually 90% of the time I think we film about 12 hours a day, and that's amazing for me, because usually in Hong Kong it's about...
16, 20 hours. Or sometimes, you know, the longest I've gone is like three days without going home. Just keep on going and going and going. So here it's pretty much like a holiday. Is that because just the production cycle of episodes and series in Hong Kong is so jam-packed that they just have to push and push and push their actors that hard? Well, the thing is, there are two sets of crew. So one for the day shift and one for the night shift. But actors are only one set of actors. So we just keep on going and the crew,
12 hours 12 hours yeah so but in Singapore we have like one set of crew so everyone gets the same amount of sleep and rest so and also I must mention paparazzi here don't bother you as much I imagine or do they what what how do you compare the media coverage um I think Singapore is really nice because I heard the the government here they don't they respect a lot of privacy of people's privacy so there's there's no paparazzi here as far as I'm aware of and you haven't seen them They have been following you with camera.
Because I understand like back in Hong Kong you've been the subject of quite a lot of paparazzi following and media interest in not just your work life but your personal life as well. Unfortunately, yeah, it's part of the job but I just hope everyone can just look at these gossip magazines and entertainment news as entertainment only because to be honest I think about 90%, at least 90% of the stuff they've written about me it's all fake. So I think what's real is my name and my name's Alina and I'm a female. And the picture of you is accurate. And other than that,
Yeah, it's pretty much fabricated. Even sometimes the pictures aren't accurate, right? Oh, sometimes, yeah, if you're hugging someone, they're like, oh, you're making out. Yeah, it's cool. How do you deal with that, and how do you think you as a person have changed in the past 10 years working in the showbiz industry? Well, initially it was really tough. I was actually really a little bit sad, and I stayed home a lot. Well, I mean, I don't really stay in Hong Kong if I have days off.
usually just travel out because of paparazzi but now I can just like I see just as entertainment. I don't really read gossip magazines and I think people should just read it as storybooks like a comic book or something that people make up and don't take it seriously. So now I don't read it and people tell me about it. I forget it. Do you often get questions though? There must be situations where people close to you like family members and stuff and they you know they can't help it. They're in a newsstand or they see an article or someone asks them about it. Is it true? is this
this happened does that get frustrating for you and you know the truth but you maybe you haven't spoken to them and then they've hearing a sources from other places telling them what's going on and it might not be something that you you totally you know want out there well I'm very blessed my family and my close friends they all know me very well so they don't even ask like they read something or they see someone someone tells them something they'll be like do you know her personally nope well then it's not true right so then does it frustrate them though because I mean they know you personally, they must get very frustrated
when they see lies and things that aren't true said about you. They must want to come to your defence. Well, they do when people try to say something they do. I mean, it's natural to them because they want to protect me. But so far they've been just very supportive and they don't ask me because they already know a lot of people be asking me, people who don't really know me very well. So they don't really give me any headache. So it's really nice. Yeah, let's talk about more important stuff, your career at the moment. Where do you think you're headed? What are your plans?
at the moment you're kind of branching out overseas away from Hong Kong is that where you intend to go? I'd love to explore you know more into Singapore for sure I love Singapore and China Taiwan like wherever but I mean it's not like we really can plan for things to happen sometimes like things just happen and you just go with the flow especially with our industry and right now I feel like I'm at a very comfortable spot where like you know all the hard work before you have I used to like work drama after drama after drama
no holiday, no sleep for like years. And that's a time when like you have to work really hard and get exposure and get your name out there. And now I think I'm at the spot where I can, you know, do two dramas a year in Hong Kong and then maybe explore elsewhere and take some holidays. So I think I'm very happy right now. It's really easy now. Yeah, like I actually have a life and, you know, I have my own life and then I have work. So I think I found a good balance right now. You mentioned doing dramas in Hong Kong and this series you're doing here in Singapore
It's a happy drama if you like. Is this the first time you're sort of branching into more sort of comedy or more lighthearted sort of roles? I've done comedies before, but this is the first time where I'm acting with a whole new cast. Because, you know, in Hong Kong, the TV station, you kind of like already know everyone. Or at least you've worked with some of the cast. But this time it's like totally brand new. So it's refreshing. Alaric Tay, they were showing at the moment and some talented cast members. Did you have any trouble understanding our Singlish here?
You know what, that's the funny thing because after a while, like, I started speaking Singlish. Oh, really? It's not that hard. Okay, lie. I started speaking it to them, so. I think you're going to fit in perfectly in Singapore. No, actually, I think Singlish is, it makes the conversation or the sentences, everything a bit warmer. Like, if you're just like, I'm okay, it sounds really rough, but you're like, oh, I'm okay, lie. You know, it just sounds sweeter. Softer. Yeah, just nicer. the reality for Singaporeans
abroad. So there's no inkling for you to go back to Canada where you grew up now? You think you're permanently based in Asia now? Yes, yes. In Toronto, my mom is still in Toronto, but I visit sometimes, but it's actually really cold. Yeah, and I actually find, I don't know why, I grew up in Toronto. Back then I didn't think it was that cold, but I lived in Hong Kong and now I think Hong Kong is cold. That's because you've been in Singapore too much, too long. You've been heading to warmer and warmer climes, it's totally understandable.
The weather is perfect, I think. Well, good. Thank you so much for coming in and sharing with us your story. Thank you so much. Yes, look forward to watching it. Selina Lee, a TV star, speaking to us about her career in Hong Kong's fast-paced, highly competitive television industry. Now, we've moved over to Singapore's fast-paced, highly competitive TV industry as well. That's right. Upcoming series, Spouse for House, that will premiere on Media Corp Channel 5 on the 11th of February, just before Valentine's Day, I understand.
