Shortly after Fed cut rates, China introduced its most aggressive stimulus on 25th September 2024. I don't know when you'll be viewing this. So for me, it's actually important what's happening there because I do have a stick in the game. I have portfolios exposed into China as well as Hong Kong. I'll share with you more in detail, so do stay right to the very end. Now, this recovery has been massive. The pace is crazy. As you can see over here, popular tech-focused China ETFs like K-Web, Up
51% on a month. CQQQ up 53% in a month. Hang Seng up 30% or so. Then after this rally, an expected 10 to 12% depending on when you match it. So when this crazy rally faded, I was very intrigued. I wanted to research a bit first before sharing with you what exactly are possible action steps you can take to participate or at least to benefit maybe from this potential change in China as well Hong Kong stocks. So let's take a look
at the BOL stimulus package as mentioned over here. There are three parts to it. The first is that this by PBOC, People's Bank of China, which is their central bank, includes the first, which is a cut on their reserve requirement ratios, RRR, by half a percentage point. It's the Fed reducing rate. And the main policy interest by 0.2 percentage point. So both of these are larger than usual. So PBOC has also indicated additional cuts are possible by year end. Very similar to Fed,
The effect reduces, I guess, PBOC will also reduce and at that pace are more aggressive. Second, PBOC will cut mortgage rates for existing home loans by roughly half percentage point nationwide. This is to support residential property market. And the third is that PBOC will actually be creating a pair of new structural monetary policy tools to support the stock market. Key phrase, support the stock market. Eligible institutional investors will be able to borrow liquid assets such as treasury bonds, central bank
bills directly from central bank using assets like etfs as collateral and then sell them to get the cash they need to invest more into equity markets that in layman term is just leverage i'm going to lend you money to leverage the central bank will provide refinancing loans for banks extending credit to publicly traded companies aiming to buy back their own shares wow so this is just telling you central bank said go and buy your own shares don't worry no money i'll lend you That is why some hedge fund managers read this as a
ridiculous government initiative that is extremely, extremely powerful. Listen to this. But back to these three points on this bull stimulus. I reflected over there, red and red mean for us international investors, I think it's not the biggest impact. The green one over there, whereby they are going to lend money to buy securities is a direct
prop up of stock market prices. Coming to here, let me share with you my interpretation on the situation. The first is that this rally is fueled by short sellers covering. As mentioned over here, short sellers are feeding the heat from China's fueled rally. These smart guys have lost more than $8 billion already. Again, for short selling, your downside is unlimited because you have to buy back in future, correct? If the stock price triples, your $1 of initial capital could lose $4 even.
so that's why short squeeze rallies are that violent now it's easy to confirm whether they are short sellers or not and before you get there help me smash the subscribe button especially if you learn something today and you want to keep tabs on the developments of chinese equity and hong kong equity i will be covering them on this very channel so stay tuned for it let me next pull up young etf which is actually the direction daily ftse china bear 3x etf this young etf has saw a 3 year net inflow of 157
million dollars as shown below but what we can see is that there's a big spike in august september correct a lot of short sellers got the timing absolutely wrong this has been further verified with other information such as this which is short interest on one of the bigger china etfs 2024 is an all-time high for short seller interest so again the first leg up is short sellers internationally running stampeding over each other to head for the exit let's put back
Run up, one month, it's 30%. What about popular individual stocks that are shorted internationally? Let's pull out some of the five biggest. Tencent, Baba, Paitu, JD, and Meituan. You'll see that Tencent has relatively underperformed all of them at 28%. Paitu, 36%. But Baba is at 45%. JD and Meituan are at 80% upswing over the last one month. If you wish to trade Hong Kong stocks, I would recommend you Moo Moo.
Right now, Mumu has a $0 commission for Hong Kong and A shares for both new and existing users for 30 days. I've redeemed my own commission-free card. Click on the promotions, my rewards, you will find it here. Click to activate it. I've deposited money myself by simply going back to accounts, deposit button, select pay now, and through this method, I've deposited a further $8,000. Do remember also to do currency exchange. When you want to buy your Hong Kong stocks, Moomoo actually has a very good
exchange rate. I next want to build a watch list of Hong Kong stocks. You can find that it's very easy to find information about a company in Moomoo such as its latest earnings and valuations. If you are a new user to Moomoo, there are further incentives for you. Simply sign up now and you can enjoy 6.8% per annum guaranteed rates for up to 30 days on Moomoo Cash Plus. There are three funds in Moomoo Cash Plus and the first option is the Fullerton SGD liquidity fund which provides the the same day liquidity if you subscribe
and redeemed before the cut-off date. For this liquidity fund, it invests with MAS bills which are backed by the government. How this 6.8% guarantee works is Moomoo will for 30 days top up in addition to the returns you get the fund up to 6.8%. And if you park 80,000 inside, you will earn $447 worth of interest. So if you want to sign up now, use my referral links below. On top of that, you'll be able to unlock 4 stock bundles of top 5 traded US stocks worth $70
each and an Apple share worth $287. Still got one more offer. If you use my code, you'll get an extra $20 cash coupon. So that's worth $1034 worth of welcome rewards in total. Disclaimer, Moomoo Cash Plus is an investment product. Principle is not guaranteed that up to 30 days of 6.8% per annum is guaranteed only during the promotion period. After the promotion period, interest is not guaranteed. This is not comparable and is different from a fixed deposit or
savings deposit. Investment in any capital market products involves risk and the risk of losing principle. So what are you waiting for? Sign up with Moo Moo today. Let's get back to our discussion about this market rally. Prior to this recent rally, short sellers were profitably building their positions in a falling market. Since the rebound, however, short selling in the group has slowed. Getting scared already, yeah? And before that, it's just double down, double down, double down. typical loss-making trader mindset. Before Beijing surprised the market with
stimulus plans, shorting China stocks have been popular with a number of market observers underweighting the sector. It is true, recently there have been a lot of emerging markets ex-China funds. Previously China has been a key component of emerging markets. So underweighting the sector means that. And some labelling the country "uninvestable". Now you may have heard that yourself. This has been fear-mongering going for a very long time. As mentioned in the survey, 19% of
Correspondents said that shorting Chinese equities was the most crowded trade, second only to going long on Magnificent Seven stocks. So you see where the FOMO is. The FOMO had become shorting China and longing Magnificent Seven. The most painful trades for short sellers have been Baba and JD. On the flip side, traders betting against NIO, Li Auto, Xpeng, PDD are still in the black. Not true already, PDD has shot up through the roof. Even with the recent rally, short-sellers
Sellers aren't rushing to cover their positions just yet. That is actually why there could be a second wave of short seller panic. I'll touch on that in a while. Baba stock price might see the greatest impact if shorts begin covering in size as the stock has seen increased short selling into this rally. Now let me touch back on the point of some short sellers not rushing to cover back their positions. Some of them may have survived the May 2024 rally up of 20% that Hang Seng for example exhibited.
they feel that they can just hold on and let things subside but maybe this time around is different what if more and more people jump on a bandwagon and say don't fight PBOC what if more and more big hedge fund managers are waiting for the deep to help push the index up because they know short sellers have been squeezed let's pull back on the chart once he gets past more than 50% it may become unbearable and short sellers might just panic yet again that is why there's every possibility that the
This could be an extremely volatile period for retail traders. This leads to the second point, which is the majority of China retail investors, in my opinion, are not even in yet. The headline reads, China investors rush into stocks for fear of missing out on epic rally. Brokerages are bustling with business and there's an explosion in stock turnover. Some who are interviewed by the press have mentioned that they are starting to buy stocks using borrowed money.
There's no other way to be rich other than doubling on stocks. Don't do that. The market crisis, as you can see this time, could be unprecedented. Now, what this comment seems crazy and euphoric. Take note again, this, which is on 30th of September, is just two weeks into the rally. How much craziness can there be built in? You know, euphoric stock markets need years to build. Two weeks, we can guess that there's only early adopters, which means if you draw this chart out, you would
realize that 70% who are the majority have not even taken action, have not even been persuaded to overcome their own biases. So that's why Euphoria needs years to build the market. And this has really happened before. Let's look back in time. Previous index rallies have been at least 50% and for more than a year. If I was someone new who doesn't have China exposure, I would buy systematically. I think that is a
good tactical approach. This is actually shared with former member in my telegram group who has done very well and been very patient. You would see over here, he's invested since September 2021, correct? And consistently dollar cost average all the way until today. Right now, that portfolio sits in the green and I would estimate that as of this time of filming, he's probably up 13 or 14% already. If it's super volatile, but generally still on the uptrend, dollar cost averaging still works.
sum? Yes, on the uptrend, it might benefit more. But again, this is a very volatile period for China and Hong Kong stocks. I think a lump sum investment might be very emotional. And as always, if you'd like to join my telegram group, I'll leave links below. Now since you started me right to the very end, let me share with you a bonus on what I observed, which is why I'm optimistic. If you look at the heat map for China stocks, large state-owned banks are doing very well. This e-map again is from our sponsor today, Moomoo. You will see that this sector,
has even recovered from this pullback. And on a longer time frame, they are actually confirmed on a bull leg up. For Asian markets like Singapore, you will realize that banks typically lead a bull cycle. Then the rest of the market catches up. And if the economy cannot make it, you would guess that banks won't be doing well already. Now if we check in terms of Hong Kong side, banks are also leading the way. And besides banks, digital solutions of
which is where Tencent sits, is also looking strong. Now Tencent is someone I feel has strong fundamentals and it's something that I've covered before in the previous video, stocks that I'm secretly buying. Check out this previous episode I have. We've done some of that from here and see you there. Take care as always. Goodbye. music
