My name is Eason Chan and I am a singer, actor, yeah, mainly a singer. Music is, I mean, getting out of bed in the morning or going to sleep, I need music. Without music, I don't think, well, I don't think there's no music ever.
Music is, it gives me a lot of, well, it gives life to me actually. That's what music is. Passion sounds like a great word. Passion is, I think it's inborn. I think as a human being, of course we have the downside sometimes, But...
You see, that's passion. Yeah, people, they don't want to go, you know, the musicians. Passion is something we need to ponder on in life, definitely. Finally.
I think at a very young age I discovered the passion for music. I think everybody needs, everybody loves music. I don't believe, I can't believe anyone who doesn't like music. Thank you. Thank you.
There is no, no, there's absolutely no music I dislike. I like rock music. Actually, I do like rock music. I like, do I have to name the band? I just saw, I like fusion, actually. Lately, I just saw the Gorillaz show in Hong Kong, the Plastic Beach tour.
And they're great. It's just a mixture of the woodwind with the strings and chamber music and also East African music with great visuals and a British rock band. And I like mixtures. I like fusion. I like everything. Miles Davis. I like Madonna. I like Bowie. I like.
U2, everything basically Jimi Hendrix, Lenny Kravitz I don't know, Jemaraquai Incognito I'm sorry Bye.
I think the ice moment for music is the ice moment for life. You know, we get stuck at some point. I think everyone does get stuck in life when you have too much work. And that time, you just, well, my work is, you know, very much related to music. So when I'm stuck, I just go for a holiday.
hide away, go to Korsamoy or even stay home, read a book. Just think about nothing yet, disconnect, just isolate yourself for a little bit and then you get bored and then you'll get back to life again. you Thank you.
Wow. At this moment, well, there's so many options, but at this moment I can think of the Beatles in my life. *laughs* Thank you.
I don't think I can be a policeman or fireman. I try studying architect, but I don't know. I mean, I've been in this business for 15 years. It was a career, so I don't think I know any other capabilities. I don't know anything else apart from... Well, I guess I could do social work.
the society maybe you know and and because i like i like talking a lot so i guess i could be a social worker and and you know try to talk someone out of you know if they're thinking the wrong right wrong way like trying to end themselves or something you know hey no life is good it's beautiful i'll sing your song Thank you. Thank you.
Sympathizers? It's funny that, because when I was very young, I used to share my canto pop idol singers. There's this guy called Jackie Chung, and I don't know why, my dorm mates, every time I play the music, the canto put a CD in the CD player, and he goes, He can tell it's a Cantonese song.
The gentle pop is like the synthesizers they use. I think it's the arrangement. The chord progressions kind of repeat themselves. You know, this is something I think it's... I try and... It's because I'm very nosy. I like to listen to all sorts of different music, even thrash music. Or, you know... You know, that kind of stuff.
You know, and trying to, since I'm kind of a little bit of influential, influentiality, no, whatever, you know, influence on the, on the, in the greater China region. I'm trying to just try different genres of music rather than just the, the synthesizers, you know, the, that's what I've been told when I was young.
all my you know schoolmates go oh no you know that's that's a that's a chinky song i go yeah whatever i like it so sort of messy oh i love him he's he's he's yeah he's the best player how do i think i'm connected to him well i love football because because hong kong we uh at primary school level we we play football that's that's well you call it soccer it's it's
one of the main sports and and of course i'm a big fan of football well soccer same thing and and messy i think he has passion he can tell i mean he he's got a quick mind he's smart and and um and it's very entertaining watching him play because he he he's he's passionately enjoying himself on the pitch, on the football.
football pitch. So yeah, I think it's like me enjoying myself on stage. And well, sometimes you get a little bit over the top, but you know. I'm not too familiar with basketball players. I only know they're tall. That's not enough. Oh, of course. Bex, come on. Yeah. Well, I wish I
He had his body. And I think a lot of kids look up to him as if you've seen him play when he was young at the club or as an English player. Until now, he's, I don't know, some people are just born with a lot of influence to other people. I think he's doing a lot of good.
And he's had his bad times, you know, getting the red card at the World Cup and, you know, the fuse went off, that kind of stuff. But they're good examples. He's just human. And he's definitely got passion to life, not just football himself. And he's contributing back. He's got this football skull and everything and to...
encourage the sport and the spirit, the good spirit. I think I've seen that name. I don't know if I've heard his music. I'm sure he's pretty good. Lee Bingbing, the actress? Yeah, of course. She's in a lot of good movies, and she can definitely act very well as an actor. and um
I wish I could work with her pretty soon. Hi, Li Bingbing. That was Mandarin. If I could work with her, yeah. Amen. Thank you. Thank you.
