¶¶
Cambodia is a country of 17 million people, with its historical roots traceable to the ancient Khmer empire. The empire at its peak encompassed vast waves of mainland Southeast Asia, and indeed its crown jewel, the Angkor Wat, remains one of the most popular tourism attractions in the region today. Thank you.
The past 70 years have not been easy on Cambodia. Indeed, ethnic strife, abhorrent political violence and extensive elite infighting have left the scars across most of this country. And yet, for ordinary Cambodians, the royalty has indeed served as a critical pillar of stability and hope amidst upheaval and turmoil. Music
Today, Cambodia's stance is amongst the fastest-growing economies in Asia. Between 1995 and 2019, Cambodia clocked in an average annual growth rate of 7.6%, testament to its advantages in terms of the young and abundant labour, cheap wages, proximate access to critical raw materials, and, of course, its enduring strength in terms of the pro-free market policies adopted by the government.
And yet, amidst intensifying geopolitical rivalry, as well as realignment to supply chains in the region, how will Cambodia fare for the coming years? Well, answering that question is what brings us to Phnom Penh today. Dr Soksepana is the senior minister in charge of special missions and chairman of the Trade Policy Advisory Board of the Royal Government of Cambodia. He is a seasoned diplomat, lawyer, academic...
and public servant with significant experience navigating ASEAN and shaping Cambodia's policies in multilateral institutions. Hello, Dr Sopana. Thank you so much for your time. I love the agency of politics and their comments to my students. But also, you know, this is a collaborative... Thank you so much for your time, Dr Sopana. It's such a pleasure to be here in this gorgeous room as well to spend time with you. I want to just start off with a question on trade. You've led many a high-level delegation to...
some of the most prominent international conferences on trade. WTO, UNCTAD, World Economic Forum, and many of these you've conversed with the leaders and heads of over the past couple of years, really. So from their perspective, what do you see as the elements of the Cambodian economy and trade that get them most excited? And what do they see as the sort of relative impediments or obstacles they would like to see overcome in order for Cambodia to be further integrated into global trade?
Well, I will have to go back some 20 plus years when I negotiated the accession of Cambodia to WTO. I was thinking the overwhelming effect of trade was felt at that time because WTO is the game changer for Cambodia. emerging from the Civil War...
Basically, Cambodia didn't have anything. We didn't have the resource. We didn't have the capital. We didn't have the intellectual, you know, dimension of people. Most of our people perished during the killing field. So we pretty much start from empty hand. And it was WTO that really enabled us to really kickstart our trade process. and with WTB
all this benefit that arise from accession, we've been able to really sustain about up to COVID time, 20 years of economic growth, steady 7%, 6%, 7%, steady for two decades. But fast forward 20 years later now, the situation is quite different. We are dealing with a world full of uncertainty. the U.S.-China tension.
the war in Ukraine and recently in the Middle East. So I think, you know, the situation is not the same as 20-some years ago. There's a lot of challenge on the liberal order, a lot of challenge on democracy. So I would say Cambodia will have to navigate, you know, throughout the next couple of years or even decades through this particular
moment where I would say not everything is straightforward and then you have other emerging issue climate change issue carbon offset fintech e-commerce for that matter even even e-commerce 20 years ago what e-commerce of course Cambodia is small country so we're more flexible we're more nimble we we can that just quite fast.
We don't have a massive population to go through a bureaucracy till we reach a point that we have to make a policy decision. We're a small country. Now we have a young government, our prime minister is 46 years old, a PhD in economy. So, I mean, he understands all these dynamics. Yeah, yeah. So I was just wondering, given that China is your largest trading partner, followed subsequently by, you
you know, Vietnam, US, Thailand, and then Japan. How will Cambodia be positioning itself for the coming 10 years in relation to China and the US? Do you see it as possible for Cambodia to remain balanced and hedged given the present dynamics? - I would say the philosophy of Cambodia is very simple. We need friends. One enemy is one enemy too much. We need friends.
And if you look at our trade composition, most of our trade, garment, food, wear, travel back, go to America, go to Europe. Most of our agriculture product go to China. So I would say there's a place under the sun for everybody. So in this case, for Cambodia, there's a place under the sun for our various product and export goods, right? we will look at, we will continue to
look at the U.S. in terms of travel bag, footwear, garment, because let's say 40% of our exports go to the U.S., even though some we do pay duties, but it's okay. The industry is doing quite well. So the EU, yes, it is there. Now the U.K. is outside Brexit. They give us some very good trade preference under developing country preferential trading scheme. We're doing well, right? And I would say up to three
years ago when you know the EU tried to remove a trade preference under the EBA that's when we because at that time there's some you know their main issue is with some human rights issue but we say look we we we cannot trade sovereignty and with trade preference that's not something that we trade but that was a that's when we realized that we have to diversify.
China, for that matter, came to our rescue, to be fair. China came and we and China were the first Cambodia-China free trade government we negotiated. And we did it. And from there on, other free trade agreements followed with the Korea, with the United Arab Emirates. But the good thing now, the good thing is that we have ASEF. I said historically, I think it was
And I would say it's a coincidence that ASEP negotiation was launched during Cambodian chairmanship of ASEAN in 2012. And it concludes 10 years later, when all the member countries ratify, of course, minus India, it was ratified and turned into force 10 years later when we had the third ASEAN chairmanship. So ASEP is the second wave.
WTO is first wave. ASEP is a second wave. For us, we see opportunity arising from market access open under ASEP. At the end of the day, you know, we have a very good relation with all countries. Of course, the narrative is sometimes a bit hard on us, you know, because of the US-China tension. There are some people who are favouring, you know, a certain side, side and they pushed the narrative.
But we're OK. We're OK. We manage all right. We manage all right. One thing that you said, Jacen, I picked up on, I found fascinating, is you said you will not trade off sovereignty for trade preferences. And I find that fascinating because very often when we see international discourses or discussions over Cambodia, it bemuses and baffles me to see how much of the potential and the value in this country is overlooked by commentators when they choose to pick and choose certain elements that they focus on or they amplify
whether it be in terms of their values or contravention of principles they hold dear in the West or in other parts of the world. And as someone who is so prominent in the trade negotiation process, in representing Cambodia, really, as an international spokesperson in many ways, how have you sought to convince sceptics, maybe not those who are inherently predisposed against Cambodia, but just sceptics and folks who know not so much about this country, or know not as much as they should about this country, How do you go about persuading them to see the vet
the merit and also the virtues of the Cambodian state and economy. Is it challenging? Is it tough? I think the one thing that helped me is that I'm not much of a diplomat. I'm not much of a diplomat. I'm more a free thinker. I'm an academic. I'm a private sector. Occasionally, I'm a diplomat. So it's that versatility that enabled me to push my skills
narrative as well my counter narrative as well of course I wouldn't push in front of a hundred people on a microphone certain thing as a good diplomat you do not want to cross the line but a good coffee a good lunch yes have a frank talk a straight talk you cut the hypocrisy out and you have to say that with many emotions
Most of them, when you have this private talk, they do accept your argument. You know, they do know that there's a lot of hypocrisy in there. And they would, if you're honest, if you're straightforward, if you're hard enough on your position, on your principle, they will have to accept it. But you've got to find the right moment, the right time, the right place to pass your message. And they will respect you for that. In face of that, then,
Are you concerned about the pace of globalisation? Are we moving backwards? Are we witnessing a regression in globalisation that renders this pursuit of free trade, 1.0 WTO, 2.0 RCEP, kind of obsolete? I remember when Cambodia, in the peace process in 1993, when we have a peace, there was a Washington consensus in our peace accord that we celebrate.
the West to be fair, to be fair to the West. The West won Cambodia as a post-war genocide country to use democracy and the liberal order, free market, to rebuild a post-war devastated economy to be a well-to-do prosperous country, which was great, which was great. But,
I would look at other countries. It's not the case. I mean, look at Europe now. I mean, there's so many losers from the globalization process than winners. I probably shouldn't use the word globalization. I should use the word re-globalization 2.0. Now we are rethinking. I don't think we are de-globalized. I don't think so. The world is too connected.
Reglobalisation is a better word. We still do business together. But all in all, I would say, you know, we have to really think, how are we going to bring a more equitable source of wealth to people, whether the rich or the poor? So I was just wondering, Dr Sapan, are you worried about folks, you know, also losing out from this re-globalisation wave here in Cambodia.
and on that front, what exactly can be done to help them transition and acclimatise to the challenges that lie ahead? A normal country would probably... If Cambodia is a normal country, didn't have the war, didn't have genocide, didn't have all this negative history, I should be worried. But the case Cambodia is very unique. Because we went through the genocide, we lost everything.
When we have the peace process, we start from scratch. We start from zero base. We didn't have anything to protect. We didn't have any industry. We didn't have money. We didn't have saving. We didn't have knowledge. We got nothing. So in that sense, we're used to our pain threshold is very high. *Piano music*
The first year, fast forward from the peace process, we are where we are now, a prosperous nation. OK. And the beauty is that for the last 20 years, most of the Cambodian parents, those who can afford to send their kid to good school, they send their kid to good school.
If they could send them to Australia, they send to Australia, or Singapore, whatever. For the last 15 or 20 years, we have sent our kids to study abroad. Most of them are back now with a master, with a PhD, with a bachelor. They're back in Cambodia now. They're helping their parents who are mom and pop traders 20 years ago. So we have a young population
well-educated now, speak good English, and they're there now helping their parents move up the quality of the business side, right? We are reaching out to build the capacity of the association, of the industry, of the sector, how to be a better, a more competitive, you know, business. So that's what we're going through now.
government objective is to help you know build the capacity of our in this case for example our cashew nut because look we have about 700,000 metric ton of cashew nut now we're number two after Cote d'Ivoire okay Cote d'Ivoire number one we are exporting 95% to Vietnam 95% so we're only processing about 5%
now on processing, you know, cashew, not how can we establish a cashew industrial park. Our private sector are now in position to step in. So I'm not too worried about that. Yeah. Because the environment is very different. Yeah. Dr. Sipana, you've had...
an incredible career. I want to ask you, given the hardships that your country's endured and experienced, but also your own personal hardships and predicaments, how have you sought to navigate these times of lows, these sort of difficult moments in your life? What are your tips or reflections on endurance and perseverance? I think when you survive the killing fear, as I said earlier, is is that
your pain threshold is so high, everything is like a walk in the park. So that's how I see it. If you have a bad day, well, you have a good night's sleep, and the next day will be a better day. And how I navigate in the post-Killingfield period was all about benchmarking that pain.
I have a rough day. Nobody's going to kill me tonight. So, oh, good, I feel better. I have a long discussion, hard, tough negotiation with the counterpart. Well, you know, it couldn't be as bad as the killing field. So I would say in relative term, it's that pain threshold that sort of keep me zen, keep me very zen. uh
I look at that life is what you make it. You can allow your emotion to carry you away or you can control, you know, so that you can remain as zen as possible. You cannot describe that, the difficulty, the pain, the misery, the hardship. So that's how I benchmark. In a piece through benchmarking, through putting into perspective.
experience. Everything is relative. Everything is relative. Everything is relative. Yeah. Now I want to move on to actually the question of cultural relativism and value pluralism as well, seeing as you mentioned relative. You founded the Asian Vision Institute, which is a very prominent leading think tank in the region. And a core part of its mission is to promote what you term important dialogues and conversations and infusing them with an Asian perspective. Do you personally believe there are unique Asian values?
a person who went through the killing field, I have seen the worst, what a human can do to others. It's quite clear. But we also have to be mindful that each country, we have our own culture. And you in my country now, I mean, the sense of respect is very high. I'm, you know, when I was a vice minister 25 years ago, I was the youngest. I
in the cabinet i have to because of my culture i have to be very polite i have to be very courteous to my elder for example and i think you know you you may you you may have a good argument but if you put in a wrong perspective context your argument will not be bought so in a way that that mutual respect is so important take for example when we finish the war when we end the
war we have so many landmines more landmines than people the world help us now you know what we become the deminer of the world now a troop a un peacekeeping force we go demining in other country a peacekeeping force are out there we want to give back to society to the world sim rip the the the ecosystem the the cultural thing that we have now uh
And it's a good example on how Cambodia turned a cultural asset to be the economic asset. So I would say Cambodia is in position to give back a lot to the world now. And on that, you know, what you said there really touched me. As a born and raised Hong Konger, having spent 17 years in my home city, I decided to go back home as well after finishing off my PhD. And, of course, it behoves me to ask you a question about Hong Kong.
a place for which I feel a very strong sense of affinity. You've been to Hong Kong several times. What can Hong Kong do better to help Cambodia and to work with Cambodia and vice versa, in your opinion? For the last 15 years, the role of Hong Kong is very important for Cambodia in the sense that Hong Kong have a core intellectual, lawyer, accountant, professional,
consultant these are the people at the time when the Bell and Road were just launched you know we look a lot to Hong Kong because to serve as a bridge to service a bridge with mainland China so I think the strength of Hong Kong still remain the same that you you have this is high intellectual capacity you know in the region in the region in Asia Hong Kong is still considered as a
place where a lot of things of high intellectual value are there. It's wonderful to spend time with you today. Thank you very, very much for your generosity and remarks and insights. We really appreciate it. Thank you. As a country, as a people, Cambodia has been through a lot. The past few decades have by no has been easy on this country.
country with extensive suffering and devastation. And yet, if there's one lesson I could draw from my conversation with the wonderful Dr. Shepana, it is that ultimately to recover from trauma and pain requires more than just resilience. It requires courage and creativity. Courage to stay true to whom we truly are. Courage to speak truth to power and courage to recognize that our past and his strays, do not defile
even though they do teach us. And at the very same time, privativity is how small and medium-powered thrive at times of increasing geopolitical volatility. These are all instrumental parts of Cambodia's inimitable modernisation story. *Music*
. Thank you.
Thank you.
