Why did you want to play a blind person? Actually, it's from the newspaper because I read some critics about some lawyers that are buying. They did very good jobs in their lifetime. So I want to be one of that kind of cat.
So I just asked, "Johnny, can I be a blind lawyer?" "Sure you can, sure you can." You learn more and then you practice more, you can be. Could you tell us a little bit about your experience at the festival that year? It was really great. I never expected that. And as an Asian actor, I was really honored to have a chance to win international awards.
It means a lot to me. It means a lot to me. I'm very happy after all these years as an actor. And finally you've got recognition from people from different countries. I'm really amazed. One place I go often now is South Africa. and i'm not talking about johannesburg or cape town i live i stay in a place that's a
It's farm country. Big, big open land, big, big open skies. And the place I stay is a traditional African hut. Inside is very comfortable, but no electricity. So the challenge there is to try to learn how to live without the creature comforts that you're used to, like a computer, like a TV, like your cell phone. Hello, I'm Raymond Lung from TBB. and we're from Hong Kong,
It's really nice to be here. So as Sony, I like the Korean place so much. I hope we can come to the Korean more often. I think I really enjoy working here. Just all the people here are so professional and so nice and so quiet. I really enjoy.
thinking to myself what the hell am I gonna do at Google? Seriously because you guys are the people I go to when I look at my stuff seriously. It could be through the search engine, it could be through through maps. I like to travel a lot. I like to throw on a backpack and just wander off somewhere into the world and and see the world so I'm always you know navigating through maps and lately actually speaking of which I've been trying to pick up on more Japanese So...
Is it your first time you've been here? Yes, my first time at a movie festival. And also first time red carpet in Hong Kong. So what are you going to do tonight? Are you going to perform? I'm performing tonight. How do you feel? I don't know. I feel kind of tight right now in this outfit. You see, I'm like spilling out of my suit. But you've been in the show biz for like... 20 years, yeah, pretty much. 21 years. Any changes?
I actually think the creativity and the making of the music is just improving and improving. The ways of listening to music or promoting music is slightly different, that's all. What do you think about people saying mainstream camp talk, being very sugary, being very... It's really driven by the lyrics a lot, but then it's getting used to something. It gives me more motivation to... motivation
to actually make other songs. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I would like to sincerely thank the University of West London and London College of Music for bestowing this honorary degree upon me. I would also like to show my appreciation towards Vice Chancellor Professor Peter John for traveling all the way from London. And also Professor Howard, thank you. Your esteemed presence is truly humbling for me and welcome to Hong Kong.
I'm definitely grateful and blessed to have received this honor from such a prestigious and renowned college. Why do you think you have continued to endure and be so popular as you are for so long? I don't know. Well, the one theory that I believe is you have to keep working.
Well, as an artist, I mean, people just look at what you, look at your work. People might, some new people might love your new things, some people might love your old things. So you got to keep doing something. Once I was new to the other singers, actually, now I'm one of the very senior singers. Okay.
And so that's quite normal to me actually. And I think the scenes need more new blood. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you.
I think one common mistake that a lot of people do is saying it's good for China. It's good for China. So people watch a movie that's Chinese and they say, oh, that was a good movie for a Chinese movie. And for me, that doesn't cut it. That doesn't make sense to me. Do you understand? A movie is a movie. It shouldn't be all because it's a Chinese movie. There's lower standards. is to understand that the level
of quality of work does not differ in different countries. A lot of us may be already thinking, everyone's like China's the next market. China's the next superpower. China's this and China's that. Okay, there's a lot of money to be made there. Okay, sure. But you cannot lose the integrity of what you do and what you represent for money.
What time is it? 5:30. When I was 17 years old, I participated in a singing contest. I really wanted to try to be an artist among the competition. That's how I started my career. What do I do to waste my time? The PBL system is actually a really flexible kind of teaching method, and it can allow the students to either go really in-depth into one of the specific topics.
Oh, my God.
