Today we wanted to test if students from a top three university in China could speak fluent English. The results were so unexpected. Let's take a look. My name is Alex. Nice to meet you. My name is Pei Xin Zhang. Pei Xin Zhang. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, amazing. So first question off the bat, was it hard for you to get
into Fudan or was it difficult? Oh I think it's quite difficult to enter Fudan after high school graduation because it's very competitive in China today it's an examination it's really hard. Were your parents super proud and happy? I guess yeah it's a surprise for them. Do they do like a celebration? Yeah yeah yeah with the family and stuff? Yeah yeah that's certainly and we also like invite teachers like to show our appreciation for them it's really common in
Your high school teachers? Yeah, yeah, high school. Yeah, okay, very good. And what major did you study? I started in Spanish, Spanish language and literature. Spanish language? Yeah. Okay, so your Spanish must be very good. Maybe, yeah, I can speak some Spanish. I think I can communicate fluently. Yeah, I can tell you English is amazing as well. How did you learn English growing up? Yeah, I started learning English when I was in primary school, like from seven years old. yes
learned English for about ten years or more. What major do you study at Fudan here? I study business management. And your English is really good. How did you learn your English growing up? Actually in China everyone will try to study English from our primary school. So we need to study English quite great because our major in business or finance. So we need to use English to write some reports. So we need to press it.
Did you find any challenges learning English as you were growing up? Yes, of course. My English is not so great now. So I'm trying to visit some... like the... film or others to put in your weight. Do you have any aspirations of studying abroad, outside of China? And if so, which countries perhaps would you want to go to? Actually, we are in the DIM program. So in this semester, in the summer, after summer, we need to go to the
to go to Italian. Yes, Bocconi for the next master's. So, yes. How long would you be there for? About a year. A year? Wow, amazing. So you're starting to brush up on Italian as well? Yes, yes, yes. Nice to meet you. I'm Alex. What's your name? You can call me Andrew. How did you learn such good English? Well, it's hard to say my English is good. Yeah. I don't think I'm as fluent as native speakers.
Thanks for my parents. They have very good insight. So, and push me to start learning English when I was only three years old. I was very regret that my English level is not achieved what they supposed me to achieve. Yeah, I can tell you, English is already very good. I can already tell. Really good.
My name is Lee Junhong from the School of Mathematical Institute. Nice to meet you. Lee Junhong. And you play basketball? Yeah, I'm going to play a game. Oh, sorry. Are you late? No, no, no. It's half past four. So you have some time still? Because I love basketball as well. Who's your favorite basketball player? Stephen Curry. Do you shoot three like him as well? I shoot rather well, but not very good. He's a little bit better than you. Much better. Much better.
Obviously your English is very good. How did you learn your English growing up? I just took up my English from my primary school or exactly is not very good but just kind of you know it is enough to communicate. And when you made it to Fuldan, when you were admitted to the University, were your parents very proud of you and what they're like celebrating was like a big party
Maybe it's not a very big party but our whole family is very excited and share the good news to each other and yes of course it's a big enjoyment. My name is Eva. Eva, nice to meet you. So what school did you go to? I major in journalism. Journalism? Okay. At Fudan? Yeah. Was it extremely difficult for you to get into Fudan? Did you study very hard to get in? Um, yes.
I just did my best. Yeah, yeah, okay. And in terms of your parents and your family, were they very happy that you got into Fudan? Yeah, yeah. They're really happy with this. No. They think Fudan is really a good university in China. When my grade came out, they were really excited. Yes, exactly. I guess your English is quite good. How did you learn English? Was it at school or...? Mainly I learned it at school
But I was preparing for IAS these two months, so yeah, maybe it's my pick of my English level. Yes, yes. Okay, quite good. How did you learn English? Because your English is very good. That's not very good at practice. So you had a lot of practicing growing up, is it? Yes, we love to get some chance to practice English and also get some... Maybe we have to use it in work.
but I think this is still a long way to prove for this thing Jerry Jerry? Yes Okay, very cool So Jerry, what do you study at Fudan? So actually, I'm a PhD student A PhD student? Yes What's the major in? Business management Business management? Yes How did you learn English growing up in China? My English is not very good Yes, but I have take a master's
the experience in the University of Southampton in UK so perhaps it's a good time for me to talk to the foreigner to say some English yeah yeah how long did you spend in the UK just one year one year okay so you did study over there for a little bit one year already yeah yeah where do you study right now it's in Purdue University. Do you know that? Purdue?
Of course I know Purdue. Yeah. So you're from the US? I'm from China, but I'm doing a PhD there. And how did you learn your English growing up? Because your English is really amazing. It's not that amazing, but I'm trying to improve. How did you learn? So basically after I went to Purdue last year, I have to be a TA, teaching assistant. So there is a course to help you to improve your English. Yeah. The most important thing is
try to exercise more and gain some confidence to talk to the foreigners here.
