Speaking English as a Singaporean, are you aware that you have a certain accent? Oh, yes. 100% I'm aware that I have a slight English accent, I would say. Okay. Like, even when I was in the States, my friends told me that I had a little bit of an Asian accent because they didn't know which part I was from. Okay. Yeah. I believe that when we speak English, definitely to us, it sounds very natural. So we don't realize very often that we have a different accent. But at the same time, I think it's a very common experience where you go overseas and And we hear that single section and
and all the additional last and everything that come out. And it's just very distinctive. So yes, very aware that we do sound very different and perhaps these different, that's have a certain connotation of value judgment behind it. So do you like your accent? I do appreciate my accent. It's one of the kind in the whole world. I mean, Singlish is being formed by so many years from our forefathers to now. has been evolving a lot.
And I don't think I will be... I'm proud of the accent itself. I'm also someone who teaches English. You know, like... So, I think you have to love the language, whatever language. And I think Singlish itself is your background. So, if you like who you are, you embrace your roots. Singlish is nothing bad. Do you think foreigners will understand that accent?
maybe foreigners won't understand. It might be not familiar for them. Like how come certain English words you use it differently? - I would say it's very mixed. I mean, just for myself personally, because like, I mean, a lot of people, as well, he oversees people, they tend to think that English is not a very refined form of English. And I guess it's agreeable to a certain extent, but I think just a Singapore alone, because we, it's a language that we came up by ourselves
I think it's something that we Singapore is definitely be proud of. I mean, when we're using Amazon Singaporeans and if of course if I'm foreign, it's interested to learn this language itself. I mean, we are also more than open to sharing it with them. Yeah?
