At the Beijing Kongha Quarters Lab, we developed the new Asian GPT Two very personalized trial, super intelligent now Hey, Asian ABT, I need some help from my homework Do you wanna help with this? You know, people who use their brains like chess masters can burn up to 10,000 calories a day? Why you think you're fat? How are you dumb in three languages? So, cat can walk across the keyboard and get a higher score than you? Okay, I just need help with one question Can you, you know, just write the answer out for me? Okay, no problem
No, no, no, no, no! Agent GPD, this photo is a little bit out of focus. Would you mind just like focusing on the correct main character? Okay, there you go. Hey, could you use like the AI CGI stuff to remove the ugly part? Okay. Could you make it look prettier? Me? I mean me, make me look prettier. Thank you. Oh, okay, okay, I call you. This photo is a little bit cut off. Can you generate the rest of the photo? Make it look wider? Call it.
Can you use like AI to make it more authentically me? Oh, okay, okay, I almost said. Oh, hey, Judge Ypd? I think I want to become attractive. I'm gonna put in the work. Generate me like a workout routine. No, you don't need a workout. You need a miracle. Hey, Asian Ypd, would you guide me through meditation? You know, like a guided relaxing thing? Shows close your eyes. Imaging a very nice, clean, respectable place that brings you joy. Then realize you can't afford it.
You know what, Chad Juby-D? I want to be successful. Tell me how. Don't be Steven. Get a new brain. Get some new talent. Get a new personality. *crying* *crying* Agent Juby-D, I want to be a successful YouTuber. Oh nice. What is it about homeless? Let's not start a track you. La la la la la la la la la la la Music only scale. You can go highest. The bathroom scale. *crying* Agent Juby-D, you know what? Write me a YouTube video. Okay, what kind of video? Let's do a comedy sketch. I wanted to be some ridiculously cartoonish situation that Stephen Lohan
That's absolutely impossible. Okay, Stephen uploads a video and get three million views like he used to last year You know what? A's in GBD or plan a trip to New York. What school is he there number one? The dollar store if that's too expensive if you can see pigeons in the subway or the hotel stand very famous But it's 20 dollars. That's like your annual salary. Oh, I know where you should go. China town China town I came all the way from China to go to China town. Yeah sounds about right I'm having a party.
The point of the shopping list. Oh, here's a link to a family size 50 packed toilet paper, 90% over. Oh, the dog food on sale. If I want get to free, I've got a low calorie snack for you. And oh, how about this one? You should get Kelly's cold flaky. Hey, I got your subscription to P90X. H&GBT, I'm saying a cooking tonight. You got any recipes? No, last time you set the kitchen on fire, making cereal. H&GBT, would you make this email sound a bit more professional? Hey Derek, sorry I can't make it to the meeting. Maybe next time? Okay.
You're meeting direct, you ugly! No, no, no, no, no, no! Send me a media reminder for 10 plays. We have a very important pitch. Okay, alarm set for no, no, no, 10. Gives you time to co-pull the rejection.  Agent GPD, summer's coming around. Could you hook me up with some like fashion style? I'm thinking of, you know, party styles, maybe vogue. Placing order for Starbucks uniform.  Oh, no, that's good, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's good, yeah.
You're meeting direct, you ugly! No, no, no, no, no, no! Send me a media reminder for 10 plays. We have a very important pitch. Okay, alarm set for no, no, no, 10. Gives you time to co-pull the rejection.  Agent GPD, summer's coming around. Could you hook me up with some like fashion style? I'm thinking of, you know, party styles, maybe vogue. Placing order for Starbucks uniform.  Oh, no, that's good, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's good, yeah.
