Seems that going to USCR for the first time with tips from me or helping him acclimate. You wanna do it? Let's do it, okay. - Welcome to the ER, how can I help you? - Hello, I played tennis for the first time and now I can move my arm. - Okay, just sit here in the waiting room, the doctor will see you in about 15 minutes or three days. - Okay. - What is this, Asakas? Who ate half of that chair? - Oh, it came like that. Who is that gyrating?
in the corner. - Oh, he works here. He's just on his lunch break. I have your saline. - Okay, what is that? It's like a mixture of water and sodium chloride. - So, yep. Why don't you use MSG? - That's a pretty good idea, actually. - Can I see your arm? - What are you trying to do and make soup dumplings? - That would be cheaper. - What is gonna cost? - It's about $600.  - $600. - For soap and you can even afford a full chair. - Well, that one was half price. - And it's not even pink him out, Leon, so.
- What this for $2.99? - Also, you go to the beach, you get some water for free. - Okay then, no saline for now, let's just get your ex.  - Sound expensive. Can I have a discount? - For you my friend, the discounted rate is $500.  - $500! - What the heck? - What the heck, it doesn't even do for K? My phone do better, my phone cinematic mode 10 megapixel, Google Pixel 60 frame per second. Well the X-ray machine is highly complicated.
It requires a specialist to press a button. Well, at the right time, anti-limits radiation exposure. That dangerous? No. Not at all. Then why are you hiding? Hold still. Okay, while you wait for the results, you could watch TV. Okay, well, what is that grays are not on me. Where's Stephen? Holds tips on the ER? Oh, YouTube. We have Nathan Don. How about our channel that actually uploads? We have the Stephen He channel. Wow, that is some fantastic content. You should subscribe. I'm back. The doctor recommends a sling.
We don't sell, well the arm part is 2k. *sounds of gunfire* *sounds of gunfire* The strap is so separate. SO SEPPINELY! You want me to put it on the assembly fee is $700. I will send you to Jesus. Oh hey, see, look, see, works here. The sling better be Gucci. It's goodwill. Dior D-minus. Fenty. It's bendy. Balenciaga. Balenci nada. Just give me that plastic bag. The bag right there on the ground on the floor. The used one. The one with the hole. Oh, be careful with home remedies. Another injury could cost you $10,000. I can buy five arms watch
10k where I know a guy reasonably priced unlike you okay then you're good to go here's your paperwork okay So what a free good x-ray discounted good visit copate not bad not bad not bad Emotion no damage Well the arm part is 2k
I did this gonna work of these work these work You're driving the air to like, what is this? That's all I'm just gonna have you.
