felt as a person maybe I am somebody don't mean there's a difference between being emotional and being sentimental. When you're emotional it's way deeper you don't let go of the feelings too soon. When you're sentimental you cry on the drop of a drop of a head you get affected immediately. The more from Delhi to Mumbai I think was not planned in my case initially I never thought I'd become a character. I
I was always into studies, I was very, very stupid. I was into dance, but I never thought that would ever help me in life. I was doing my BTEC when just randomly some people told me, "You know what? You've got a great height, I think you should try for modeling." And my first reaction was like, "I want to become a model." And then in my head, I thought, "Why not? I can try." Like, if nothing else, it will just be an experience.
We shy away from a lot of things because we start thinking about future and how it's going to help us and how it will be useful or not useful. I think sometimes you just need to just go out there and try things. That's when you realize what you like or you don't. So I started modeling and I started getting a lot of TV commercials. I have never done anything related to acting before that. So I didn't know whether I could or not. while I was doing the daily
which don't require too much of acting. But I felt I enjoyed it. I felt I enjoyed the shifting process. I had the opportunity of working with a few directors like Shuri Tsar Kaal on during my commercial, TV commercial period where they sort of encouraged me and they said, you have that acting thing in you. So just explore it, don't let it just go.
what you like, see if you like it. And I did and I moved to Mumbai after I completed my meeting. I had three job offers in my hand. It was a little hard to convince my parents, but I think they've always supported me, which is the reason why I am here today. So yeah, that was my move from Delhi to Mumbai. I wasn't like really, I was starting out and I didn't have any particular thing in mind, okay, this is how I want to start.
I got a great opportunity down south in the river opposite Mahesh Babu. And I think with me the best things have really come out of the blue suddenly. It's never been planned. It's like I sometimes feel you do choose terms, but sometimes the films do choose you. That particular film, they were already shooting with another actor and then there were some issues. And suddenly they were looking for it. You come up. And it came to me and I was like,
and I can have the opportunity and it was a great, great experience. I think a lot of people keep asking me, what is the difference between what you're in telecoof and industry and working in human-industry? Generally, I didn't really find the difference except with the language, except I can obviously chat a lot more and set when I'm working in human-industry because I connect with the language and then I had to really use my Memory skills that engineering gave me.
two markup dialogues because I didn't know the language. But apart from that I think both the industries and people working are equally passionate, equally into their job wanting to make something beautiful, something magical. And in fact the technicians I feel are working all across, you know, Hirupandi, the whole camera man department, the whole yoga department It was very good. So I genuinely felt like that.
do difference but thankfully I didn't get to experience both the worlds you know with their slight differences and similarities and it really taught me a lot very early in my career so I'm glad for that. I never planned not becoming an actor earlier I've never really gone dark workshops or done theater to actually learn and my learning has more or less been on my job so I think I have through the films that I have done to now.
slowly, slowly try to find what works for me, what doesn't work for me, what is my method, what is my process. Initially I realized that okay I can't maybe dig into an emotion that I have experienced at some point in my life and get it here. That's something I'm sure of. Like you know I had heard that people sort of think of something that they've got through and you know someone who died in their family and you know the
the feeling that they went through and they start crying there and then I tried it, it didn't happen. I used to sometimes like fight with my mom at the wedding and I'm in a very bad mood and I come with a set but I can't get the back. So I realize that that doesn't happen with me. For me what works more is to be where I am right now as the character. To go back and think what the character has gone through, where the character is coming from, what kind of a person she is.
I think when I try and zone myself in all that, it works for me way more. I felt as a person, maybe I am somebody don't need a difference between being emotional and being sentimental. When you're emotional, it's way deeper. You don't let go of the feelings too soon. When you're sentimental, you cry on the drop of a head. you are getting affected immediately.
you can also sleep over things, you can also move on. I think I'm more sentimental, which is why this sort of spontaneous and on this spot and feeling it in the moment kind of works for me more. But again, this is also something I have sort of learned through the years, I think one film that did make me grow a lot, although the film did work, I would say, is Rambda. The only, because I think that was the first time, I am Julie. Prepare.
I had a lot of time to pray for a character before that I did not get the time to pray for any character. The character was a little complex, a little layered. I had someone who was pushing me to find myself and breaking the way I think. So, Charo also wants to tell me that there is no right way of doing the scene. There can be many ways. It's what you want.
look at and how you choose. So I think I've over the time started thinking differently when I approach a scene there is always one direct way of approaching it which is the most obvious way but then as an actor you also want to do something exciting and something different in it so you keep thinking constantly and find okay how else can I say this which is not very generic. I think had tried to find that in every scene. So, we have so far that's been
what I know of my process, I hope I can get out of home.
what I know of my process, I hope I can get out of home.
