important thing is take care of your family, take care of your parents, the strength lies in your family. Your family is your first priority. This is what I believe and I have always done it and I would suggest you, your family is your first priority. I write about startups and I write about entrepreneurs and they have perhaps some of the toughest times when they build their businesses. You've done the same grind too as an actor. So you know you started your life from ground zero and today I mean I was reading architect
sexual digests and they said, you got the most beautiful woman mum by today. So what it been like to go from ground zero to right up there where it matters? Yes, it's been a hard journey and it's been a different kind of experience. I don't know from where to start from to answer your questions, it's going to take a lot, a lot of time to talk about it. My formula has been a very
formula I'll tell you something. I yes my hard work is a lot in my film industry I've been working hard since last 28 years now I've finished about I've finished about 130 films and I've now become a producer since last 10 years I've been producing films like Wakt, Namaste London, Singerskeng, L-lift, baby, special chubbis.
and so on and even Pat Man also. I always wanted to bring, you know, the most important thing of my life has been that I wanted a change every time anybody tries to put an image on me. I have always jumped to some other image. I never wanted to be in one track because I always think a change is the most important thing in anybody's life.
Because if the person can change himself, he can do many different things. Like I started doing romantic films, I started doing, I've done a villains role, I've done so many kind of different kind of roles, I didn't care about it, I just went and didn't change it. So I just would like to say the changes is the most important thing. But on top of that, I would bring one thing.
Whether you believe it or not, but this I will share it with you guys that my success lies a lot. And my parents' feet, I'll tell you why. Whenever I go to work, I only touch my mother's feet and go ahead. Trust me, it is, it is made so much better.
difference in my career, in my life, I have been saved by so many people who are like a lot of negative energies I've been saved from. But that is the fact. Yes, obviously the hard work is the most important thing, changes another thing, but to have a positive aura around you and that only your parents can bring you. Not even God. It's only your parents who will bring your positive around you and and care for you. I like to
deconstruct, when I construct myself completely, then I look at myself. I want to break it. I want to break this whole image. I want to start another construction and build another one. This is, I would say it is by mindset. This is what I have followed. I never stick to one particular image. I just want to just keep on innovating myself undergoing. I know I can be comfortable by just doing commercial
like a Raudi Rathore or a Houseful or these kind of films, but I just want to deconstruct myself, even when I did 2.0 with Rajani Kansar, I'm playing a villains role. No people ask me, why do you need to play a villains role? Why not? What is wrong? So I just need to deconstruct myself, that is it, ma'am. - Sure. So I also see that you're probably the complete man of the industry, you know, you're so busy, do formal ways as you say.
And yet you make sure that you always spend time with your family and you always have time for one of the days. And I see startups who just get so engrossed with their work that they completely forget that they have families back there. They have parents that children, they have buy. Sister, you know, how do you make sure that you balance it out? See, I'll tell you. That is why the first thing when I started talking about it, I said the most important thing is take care of your family, take care of your parents. That's the most important thing. The strength lies in your family.
The positiveness lies in your family. I work a lot. I work hell of a lot. But it is nothing. I divide my work. I always take whatever in my life I want to do. I do it with maths. I calculate it. I'm doing four films a year. I'm doing about four movies a year. movie takes about.
35 to 40 days. I don't work. I saturday I work only 7 to 2, 2 o'clock in the afternoon. I am off. Saturday 2 o'clock onwards I don't work. Sunday I don't work. Monday I start working. I work 8 hours a day. But in that 8 hours I am on the set. I don't move away from the set. I don't go sit in my vanity van. I tell my producer
my director that I'm here, you make me work. Eight hours is good enough because after eight hours, you know, because I have to be in front of the camera. I have to look good. I take one and a half month of holiday with my family every year. Continuous. I just put the globe in front of my wife and ask her, "I worked a lot. You tell me where you want to go. I do that." So basically what I'm
trying to say is all you have to do, you have to look at your family, you have to look at your priority, your family is your first priority. This is what I believe and I have always done it and I would suggest you, your family is your first priority. Once the priority is set properly, once they also know, 'Kee okay, my husband or my father or my brother, after working, he will come and he will spend all his time here, perfectly
nothing can go wrong with you guys, nothing can go. It's a tried and tested thing which I have done it. I have even told a lot of people in my colleagues I have told them. And I have seen changes coming to them. I love the fact that you said that you have some extreme discipline and that you follow it in its work for you. Polywood is known to party, it's about fun, it's about excitement. So how do you make sure that your entire team, your producers, your producers, your directors, go actors, everything.
Because when they are working with me, the agreement is so strong that they have to come early morning, properly time. Otherwise the agreement will get, you know. That's a good thing to be in a position where everybody sort of... No, it is not even a small producer can do it. It is not that. It is not that. I must say because if you are taking a chance and if you're, I always believe, I always tell everybody.
an actor who is a producer's actor. I believe what the producer says I have to do it and it is important he is my boss but yeah some of the cases I myself am the boss of myself. You know one thing I like about the bodyward industry and I think which all industries need to learn is that one thing cannot be tapping you know money cannot be tapping you cannot grow your business or yourself without money having your businesses your products making money. So you know what I would
message out to start up today is that making money is really important. I think money is become somehow a third or a four year plan after the start of business. You know, making money is important. I was working, I did films for 50,000 rupees. But for, I think a long time, I must say for 10 years, I worked not more than about 10 to 12 lakh rupees, a movie. So you're the 10 highest fade start in the world. So uh...
So now, but then I've worked hard for it and it is not necessary. I mean, say you don't have to run behind money first. You have to run behind your product first. You have to run behind the quality first and after that things will change. You will realize it. And I think that I have done like that so I cannot tell them anywhere in any other way.
So now, but then I've worked hard for it and it is not necessary. I mean, say you don't have to run behind money first. You have to run behind your product first. You have to run behind the quality first and after that things will change. You will realize it. And I think that I have done like that so I cannot tell them anywhere in any other way.
