If I start taking it so seriously that okay this person thinks like that of me or whatever and if I take it as a fact that this is me and I take it as a reality that whatever this person is saying about me is me but it's not the fact. So it's fine I do respect everyone who have opinions about me that's fine but it does it affect me because I know that's not the fact because people might not know me so personally. So that's okay. A multi-talented you thikin at Modi and a highly engaged social media influencer.
her debut film was low for a superhead Telugu movie. In 2016, she appeared in a music video Bayfricera along with Tiger Shroff which caught the imagination of public. The next film she starred was MS Dhoni, the untold story. Her performance was highly appreciated in the film and was also on the box office head. These are also shared screen space with Jackie Chan in Kung Fu Yoga.
featuring in the Puratmani calendar was another highlight in her promising career. Born in Bali, Braille, Disha Patni is one of the most engaged stars in social media. So here we have Disha Patni and calling Shamak head of India and APAC for S.K. Pets, the new York based company which has developed the Disha Patni official app and could be such the India and Southeast Asia leader of escapeites.
Actually, it's a pleasure for me to be a part of this beautiful app. I always always talk to all my fans on Insta. And I have many groups actually in Insta, where you have these young kids who are like 16, 17, and they're talking to me about their exams, they're talking to me about their life, and how they're struggling the teenage. So for me, it's such a brilliant thing that I'm getting a platform where I can actually talk to them one-on-one, because sometimes it's this website.
like Instagram or Facebook doesn't allow me to go onto that level because you know you have so many pages you have so many people on Instagram so sometimes it's really really you don't actually realize who are the important ones or who are actually your real fans so it's giving me a platform it's gonna be much more private and I'm also gonna be uploading all the exclusive pictures and videos and behind the scenes so that's gonna be fun we also have a lot of cool content so you know like through We can also make sure these are the top three rank.
and I would love to meet them as well. So we have a lot of cool concept and I'm really, really excited and I'm very happy that I'm a part of it and I'm actually doing something like this because this would give me a closer reach to my fans and actually friends, I don't want to call them fans, friends. So yeah, if I am launching an app, maybe it's a lot of responsibility here that you don't have to make sure that I talk to them because what's the motive of the app? If I can't take out time for people for people who actually love me so much.
me so much love then it won't work. End of the day it's all about interaction and you know knowing those people who love you so much and support you. So I think it depends from person to person how much time you give, how much love you give, you'll get it back. I feel we have a lot of contours that I don't know that other apps had. You agree? Yeah we have a lot of contours and you know through contours you can always come to know that who's your biggest fan you know and You can also send them merchandise.
You can also send them gifts, which are personalized. And I can also meet them, which is a cool thing, because you know, you can throw a contest. But what do you see on Instagram or Facebook, you don't have these kinds of things where you can actually meet your fans. So through the contest, if you win the contest, if you're actually a real fan, you can actually also meet me. And I would love to do that, because I would like to know how these people are, how these kids are. And there's also a lot of, yeah, I think that's the more-- One of the key things, like I mentioned before,
that you will have as a fan, you will have the ability to pin your post so that the share can see it. You can't do that anywhere else. Second, you can't earn virtual currency anywhere else. So these are key elements, right? I mean, if I'm spending time there, I mean, I can tell you there are people who spend hours and hours on the app and comment and they may get into the installs and the Twitter's and the Facebook's of the world, but they don't gain anything out of it, right? It's just a one-way street. Here not only your gaining virtual value, but your gaining virtual value.
but you also have the ability to put yourself up there, pin your pose so that the Shah can see it, and then get a reply from the Shah. You don't have it anywhere else, and that's the most unique thing about it. - And once you write, - As I said, that I always speak to my fans, and I have these crazy groups and crazy kids talking to me every day I speak to them. I make sure, at least I send them a heart, or a high, or a morning, or a night. So every day I'm still doing the same thing, but sometimes I feel okay.
I'm only speaking to people who are my fan clubs. So right now, I don't know, okay, someone who can't make a fan club right now won't have that reach because I won't know that person also like takes me as an idol or is a crazy fan of mine. So I'm still doing the same. I think yeah, it's a bigger responsibility for sure, but I have a team for that. So that's why I have a big team. I have a responsible team. So I think that will be helpful. If I'm writing down something and this is my idea or this is my imagination,
of fact. So if I start taking it so seriously that okay, this person thinks like that of me or whatever and if I take it as a fact that this is me and I take it as a reality that whatever this person is saying about me is me but it's not the fact. So it's fine. I do respect everyone who have opinions about me that's fine but it does affect me because I know that's not the fact because people might not know me so like personally. So that's okay. Hi. So I wanted to ask since you're a public figure and you're a set of retie and
that there are cases that when a celebrity shares everything, almost everything on social media, there's also the cause that they are stalkers. So how is this app preventing you from those stalkers? Because then you never know I'm a fan, but I'm also a stalker. I'm getting the benefit. I'm so sorry. Isn't if you're a fan, you're a stalker. That's a thing. If I like someone, I stalk the person. Oh, see, it depends.
and a fine line between your professional line. So I'm not breaking that line. Okay, I'm gonna be super friendly and I'm gonna be expressing, but there's always gonna be this fine line for my private life, which I'm not gonna expose because I feel your private, a person's life should stay private a person. Bollywood, I like, I love Priyanka, I love her, and she's just so confident. Actor, I love Shah Rukh, and when I was young, I used to be a huge fan of Ranbir. So my question to you is it's being just
six months since you have made a debut in Bollywood and you already have an app like that's like super achievement. So how do you feel about that? No, I got super lucky. I've been very fortunate for everything. The kind of work I've been getting and thanks to them for approaching me and for feeling that I could take this forward I could take this responsibility. So yeah, all the credit to them. But I'm a huge fan of yours and as we are speaking I've already started downloading the app. Really? Oh yeah, swank.
I'll be reading a lot about it. - Thank you so much. If you might just win it. - Sure, sure. We're going to announce a very exciting contest soon. Maybe you're the lucky one. So take part. - Thank you. - Thank you so much. Thank you so much everyone. And with this we end the press conference. Thank you so much. Thank you.
I'll be reading a lot about it. - Thank you so much. If you might just win it. - Sure, sure. We're going to announce a very exciting contest soon. Maybe you're the lucky one. So take part. - Thank you. - Thank you so much. Thank you so much everyone. And with this we end the press conference. Thank you so much. Thank you.
