Hi, I'm Shiga Lin and you're watching the AU Review. Talking about Turin, you are coming to Australia very soon. Yeah. Can you tell us a little bit about this trip coming up? Yeah, I'm actually really excited. Ever since I've been a singer, I'm actually really surprised how often we get to travel.
travel to Australia because I get to travel to Australia maybe at least once or twice a year and it's because their Asian market is actually a lot bigger than I thought and so and therefore we have the opportunity to perform there and this coming September we're gonna have a show there it's actually not my show but it's like Pac Ho's concert in Melbourne and I feel really lucky because every time he has a show he'll always bring me along to be his guest so I think that's like really cool like a kind of he he I
up to him like a older brother so i really appreciate how he always like tries to give me these opportunities in terms of um performing in different places so there we're coming in september to melbourne so get your tickets online come see us you can tell you've been to australia before because you pronounce melbourne correctly really how do people pronounce it well some people pronounce it melbourne but it's actually melbourne melbourne yeah so you actually you pronounce it correctly i think it's because i have a really strong american accent
So I don't know actually. Maybe, maybe. Like I guess it's the accent thing. Could be. Talking about, I guess, Australia. What's your favorite memory of Australia when you visited last time? Definitely the food. Because I love seafood. And I've been to Sydney's, is it the something market? The fish market. Yeah, the fish market. And it's amazing. And I remember going with my manager. We went at 7 o'clock in the morning.
and we were having oysters. Yeah, 'cause we didn't have any other time. And basically every time I travel to Australia, it's always like a three day trip. And it's intense. - So you're not gonna stay a while, have a look around. - Exactly, but we do eat a lot. So every time I go to Australia, I always gain weight when I come back. But basically we didn't have time to go to the fish market. So it was the only chance to go before our flight. So we had to go seven in the morning And we're having like two dozens of
oysters, scampis, uni. And I was like, oh my god, I love seafood but I'm bloated. But it was a fun experience because it was so fresh. Let's talk about movies. You shot a film this year. Can you tell us a little bit about this film When Geek Meets Serial Killer? Yeah, as you can tell from the name, it's actually a funny movie. It's a black humor and it's about a guy, actually two guys meeting
and the internet and how they started to bond through the internet and uh and then after they met they started killing people together so as you do uh yeah like well for me um i was just playing a role of one of the guy's girlfriends so um i kind of had like a i was kind of like schizophrenic so i kind of had like two two sides of my personality like one side is like a very innocent, really home-grown
kind of like the girl next door kind of girl and then the other side is more vicious and more devious and has a lot of mind games playing that kind of that kind of character so it was quite interesting trying to play both sides but i think the biggest challenge in this movie is that i actually tried to i was able to try out um wires and and like uh fighting scenes and killing scenes and that's like something I've never tried before. So I think this was actually quite interesting.
Is there a role that you really want to play in the future? Is there a particular... I really wanted to try a real straight-on fighting role. But this wasn't a straight-on fighting role, but it was a good chance for me to learn about it, because I've never known how it's like to work with a stunt, or work with wires, or having to practice how it's like to have a fight scene in a
movie but um after i tried i'm actually even more interested in it so plans for the rest of this year besides coming to australia and the album and your movie i can't keep track of you of course because you're doing so much any other plans for the rest of this year yeah um i'm going to do uh this is not music related though but i'm gonna do a half marathon oh yes i see you've been training on your instagram so basically i think um hong kong artists are more versatile
like they try everything like apart from just singing and acting and maybe tv series like we have like a lot of other stuff going on on the side as well so maybe some artists would do like businesses like i don't know like maybe in food and beverage or fashion or fashion and for me i haven't i picked up another interest and that's um running so marathon running yeah well actually this is kind of related to my work and what i'm doing right now because i started running
before because I really wanted it to help me with singing because um you're breathing yeah the whole breathing thing and at first I really didn't like to exercise that much because I never really exercised throughout my childhood years but um I really had to force myself and push myself in the beginning yeah and then right after I completed my first 10 kilometer marathon it was just it was I felt great and then ever since I was like really addicted to it because it just gave me like a great feel of success.
I just wanted to push myself further. And after entering a few 10-kilometer marathons, I feel like it's about time to try something more. A proper one. Yeah, like a proper one. So I entered the 21-kilometer race this year. Wow. And that's coming up soon, is it? In September. Right before Melbourne. Wow. So I'm going to be really busy training with my singing and performing and working and running.
so it's pretty cool. I guess lastly, do you have a message for your fans who may be watching this video right now? Oh, hi everyone in Australia or anywhere else in the world. I'm Shiga and I love to sing and I hope my songs touches your heart. And if you are living in Melbourne, remember to buy our tickets and come down and see us in September. Thank you.
