Can't be better than this. Number one is India. Americans are not good at this. And I'm . I'm just gonna throw it. Hi, my name is Brooke Goodman, and today we are going to play Guess the Nationality based on the English accents. Think it's gonna be a really good time. Yeah, of course. Actually, I noticed that a lot of people who speak English as a second language, especially in Asia, They speak a really perfect version of English
I'm from Florida, so like the south of the United States. It's very lazy spoken English. So every time I hear someone who speaks English as a second language, I'm always really, really impressed by their literal perfection. The pronunciation isn't totally clear. Of course, we can still see the influence of people's native language and how they pronounce English. It's different based on wherever country they're from. I noticed that a lot of people like from the Philippines,
sounds are a little bit different and maybe the way that English is spoken it's more of like a staccato if it comes from like someone who is Japanese or Korean a lot of times they mix up the R and the L sounds I understand why those R and L sounds are very similar in their own native languages or maybe they don't even have some certain sounds like the letters Z in English doesn't exist in Korean so it sounds like a hard J yeah I think I
Maybe, I think maybe I'll get tricked a little bit, realistically speaking. But I think I can guess. I'm going to listen closely to how they pronounce the vowel sounds first. Then I'll listen to some of the consonant sounds like R's, L's, D's and T's, V's and W's. I'll check those next. Can you please introduce yourself? Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you.
Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. Hello, my name is Olivia. Nice to meet you. This is gonna be a little bit harder than I thought. Their accents are actually quite clear. I can still hear some things that aren't native English sounding, so I'm gonna try to think about what country it comes from. Oh my gosh. Okay. Mmm
What's your favorite movie? First guess which country they come from. I think number five, I think Vietnam. I think number four is Philippines. I think. And number three, maybe Japan. I'm just gonna throw it, okay. I think maybe number one, Malaysia.
Number two, Indonesia. Number five, Vietnam. That's my guess. I think I might be totally wrong. Can't be better than this. Number one is India. Can't be better than this. Can't be better than this. Can't be better than this. Can't be better than this. I thought I heard a pretty distinctive accent. I used to have some like some friends, like online friends that are Indian and they speak Hindi so that's what to me that's what the Hindi accent
sounds like with English. So I think number one is India. I'm certain actually so four, four left. What is your favorite color? My favorite color is red because it's the color of love. Yeah. That's nice reason. My favorite color is blue because I look good whenever I wear blue. Number three, what is your favorite color? My favourite colour is actually blue also
because it represents peace. It brings me peace whenever I see the color blue. So, yep. My favorite color is pink because it's my comfort color. I think number four is Philippines. My favorite color is also pink because it's so cute. Ah, number one is India. Actually, I'm having a hard time with the rest of them. Number two is Malay.
I don't think number three is from Japan at all now. I'm trying to think of countries, world geography... Americans are not good at this. Asian country that speaks English as a first language. I feel like that's not many. I think number three is Pakistan. She's got a really soft and sweet voice. When I was in high school, one of my classmates is also from Pakistan. Her voice is also really soft and sweet. So okay, so number one is India, number three is Pakistan.
tell me what your favorite color is one more time my favorite color is blue because I look good whenever I wear blue I'm gonna guess two is Philippines number four can you please tell me your favorite color one more time my favorite color is pink because it's my comfort color no number four is Philippines number sorry number number five can you please tell me your favorite color my favorite color is pink because it's so cute I think number five is Hong Kong
And number two is Singapore. Okay, that's my final. You will have bad times but it will always wake you up to the good stuff you weren't paying attention to. Suddenly time travel seems almost unnecessary because every detail of life is so delightful. Your spark isn't a soul's purpose. That last box fills in when you're ready to come alive. When you are old, all you want to do is stare at the scenery.
I never felt so peaceful. It's warm, it's cozy and safe. Like somebody's whispering in your ear. Everything's gonna be okay. Number one I think is India because just the way that the consonants and the vowels are spoken in a shorter manner. I feel like that accent is an Indian accent. So that's why I'm pretty certain number one is India. Number two, I think maybe Singapore.
I don't know anyone from Singapore. Maybe like process of elimination, I guess. Okay, number three, I think is from Pakistan because the way that she speaks the words really softly, got like a flower. And then number four is Philippines. Pronounce the English. I can't pinpoint exactly. It's kind of like the intonation is a little bit different. Like maybe the intonation is a bit steeper with the English words.
So I think that's why number four is Philippines. And number five, I think is from Hong Kong. Hong Kong still has like some Mandarin language influence. And so I know that Hong Kong, they speak Cantonese. I heard a little bit of like R sound wasn't totally clear. So that's why I'm kind of leaning towards Hong Kong. I'm still not totally sure except for number one. Number one, I'm totally sure. But everyone speaks English quite well. so I'm glad they gave me a hard time.
Of course I'm ready. Hi, my name is Grace and I'm from India. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. Yay! Hello. Hello. My name is Hazeline and I'm from Malaysia. Sorry, I got you. You're not exactly wrong. I lived in Singapore for a long time. Really? Okay, okay. So I have. Okay, okay. I'm not wrong. *crying*
I'm not crazy. - Hello, my name is Jing, I'm from Singapore. - Oh, okay, I'm sorry. - Yeah. - Nice to meet you. - Hi, my name is Annika, I'm from the Philippines. - Oh, nice to meet you. Okay, yeah! - I'm gonna put that back. - Nice to meet you. - Hi, I'm Amanda, I'm from Hong Kong. - Yeah, okay! - Okay, I wasn't totally wrong. Okay, I think that's it.
It was nice meeting you ladies. Yeah, like three and a half technically. Three and a half. To me, I listen to the speed at which words are pronounced and I listen to the intonation first. Sometimes I hear like up and down intonations or sometimes the consonants and the vowels aren't 100% pronounced like a native English speaker would pronounce it either from the UK or from the US or
wherever. Yeah, those were the clues that I kind of listened out for and I used that and I did a good job. So I have to say the most difficult one to guess was number three. I was so sure. I was so sure she was from Pakistan, but I was wrong. So she's actually from Singapore. So now I know what a true Singapore accent sounds like. I feel like I've learned a lot. Number one I knew was from India because I've just
I heard that accent so many times growing up. So, you know, America has a lot of people from different countries. I knew a lot of people from India and Mexico. So it just, it's my comfort, comfort zone almost. So it's really familiar with it. I feel like this was a really good experience. Ever since I moved to Asia, I was able to meet so many people from so many different countries on a much larger scale than when I lived in America. So I feel like
because I can meet all of these lovely ladies, I can know a little bit more about the world and the people in it. So today I tried to guess people's nationality based on their English accent. If you liked today's video, please give a like, write a comment, and subscribe, and see you soon. Bye! ♪ ♪
♪
