Today we wanted to test if students from our top three universities in China could speak fluent English. The results were so unexpected. Let's take a look. My name is Alex. Nice to meet you. My name is Pei Xin Zhang. Pei Xin Zhang. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, amazing. So first question off the bat, was it hard for you to get
into Fudan or was it difficult? Oh I think it's quite difficult to enter Fudan after high school graduation because it's very competitive in China today. It's an examination. Exactly. Were your parents super proud and happy? I guess. It's a surprise for them. Did they do a celebration? Yeah. With the family and stuff? Yeah, that's certainly. And we also like invite teachers like to show our appreciation for them. It's
Your high school teachers. Yeah, yeah, high school. Yeah, very good. And what what major did you study? I started in Spanish, Spanish language and literature. Spanish language? Yeah. Okay, so your Spanish must be very good Maybe yeah, I can speak some Spanish. I think I can communicate fluently. Yeah, I can tell you English is amazing as well How did you learn English growing up? Like yeah, I started learning English when I was in primary school - Oh, okay. - Like from seven years old.
I have learned English for about 10 years or more. Yeah, okay. What major do you study at Fudan here? I'm studying business management. And your English is really good. How did you learn your English growing up? Actually, in China, everyone will try to study English from our primary school. So we need to study English quite great because our major in business is finance. so we need to use English to write some reports so we need to press it.
And did you find any challenges learning English as you were growing up? Yes, of course. My English is not so great now, so I'm trying to visit some... like the... film or others to put in the rate. Do you have any aspirations of studying abroad, outside of China? And if so, which countries perhaps would you want to go to? Actually, we are in the DLM program, so in this semester, in the summer, after summer,
to go to Italian yes for the next masters so yes how long would you be there for about a year a year wow amazing so you're starting to brush up on your Italian as well yes yes nice to meet you I'm Alex and what's your name oh you can call me Andrew how did you learn such good English well it's hard to say my English is good yeah I don't think I'm as fluent as native speakers
Thanks for my parents. They have very good insight and pushed me to start learning English when I was only three years old. I was very regret that my English level is not achieve what they supposed me to achieve. Yeah, I can tell you English is already very good. I can already tell.
My name is Lee Joong Hong from the School of Mathematical Institute. Nice to meet you. Lee Joong Hong? Yes. And you play basketball? Yeah, I'm going to play a game. Oh, sorry. Are you late? No, no, no. It's half past four. So you have some time still. Because I love basketball as well. Oh, okay. Who's your favorite basketball player? Stephen Curry. Stephen Curry. Do you shoot threes like him as well? I shoot rather well, but not very good. He's a little bit better than you. Much better. Much better.
Obviously your English is very good. How did you learn your English growing up? I just took up my English from my primary school or... Exactly is not very good, but just kind of, you know, it is enough to communicate. It's enough to communicate. Yeah, yeah. And when you made it to Fudan, when you were admitted to the university, were your parents very proud of you and were they like celebrating?
Maybe it's not a very big party but our whole family is very excited and they share the good news to each other and yes, of course it's a big enjoyment. My name is Eva. Eva, nice to meet you. So what school did you go to? I majored in journalism. Journalism? Yeah. Okay. At Fudan, yeah? Yeah. Was it extremely difficult for you to get into Fudan? Did you study very hard to get in? Yes.
I just did my best. Yeah, yeah, okay. And in terms of your parents and your family, were they very happy that you got into Fudan? Yeah, they're really happy with this. They think Fudan is really a good university in China. When my grade came out, they were really excited. Yes, exactly. I guess your English is quite good. How did you learn English? Was it at school? Mainly I learned it at school
But I was preparing for IELTS these two months, so yeah, maybe it's my peak of my English level. Yes, yes. Okay, quite good. How did you learn English? Because your English is very good. That's not very good at practice. So a lot of practicing growing up, is it? Yes, we love to get some chance to practice English and also get some... maybe we have to use it in work.
but I think this is still a long way to prove it. - Jerry. - Jerry? - Yes. - Okay, very cool. So Jerry, what do you study at Fudan? - So actually, it's a PhD student. - A PhD student? - Yes. - Oh, very good. What's the major in? - Business Management. - Business Management, okay. How did you learn English growing up in China? - My English is not very good, but yes, but I have take a mustard
the experience in the University of Southampton in UK so perhaps it's a good time for me to talk to the foreigner to say something in English. Yeah. But it's not very good. Yeah how long did you spend in the UK? Just one year. One year? Okay so you did study over there for a little bit one year already. Yeah. Where do you study? Right now it's in Purdue University. Do you know that? Okay. Do I do?
Yeah, of course I know Purdue. Yeah. Yeah, wow. So you're from the US? I'm from China, but I'm doing a PhD there. And how did you learn your English growing up? Because your English is really amazing. It's not that amazing, but I'm trying to improve. How did you learn? So basically after I went to Purdue last year, so I have to be a TA, teaching assistant. So there is a course to help you to improve your English. Understood. The most important thing is
try to exercise more and gain some confidence to talk to the foreigners there. ♪ ♪
