Chief Executive Johnny delivers his third policy address. The blueprint contains measures to make it easier for the public to buy their own homes. And the duty for some liquor products will be reduced. ♪
Good evening and thank you for joining us. Chief Executive John Lee delivered his third policy address at the Legislative Council today. The policy blueprint is themed Reform for Enhancing Development and Building Our Future Together, with a focus on buoying the economy, easing housing roles, ruling talent and improving people's livelihood. The cover of this year's policy address continues to be...
John Lee began his speech noting Beijing's resolution adopted at the Chinese Communist Party's third plenum in July, which called on Hong Kong to fully harness the advantages of one country, two systems. Lee proposed setting up working groups dedicated to four areas. They include education, technology and talent, developing low-altitude economy, tourism and the supermarket. On the housing front, new regulations on substandard to subdivided units and plans to relax restrictions on residential areas.
mortgage duties for liquor with an import price of over $200 are lowered from 100 to 10% more support measures on the way to to the elderly and their carers eligible seniors can receive subsidies to retire in care homes in Guangdong the university lists under the top talent pass scheme is set to be extended and expanded with visa periods extended from two to three years housing and property are among the key issues in Johnny's policy address the chief
The executive said the Hong Kong Monetary Authority is relaxing the loan-to-value ratios of property mortgage loans, which would make it easier for people to buy a flat. Meanwhile, under the new capital investment entrance scheme, property investment of over 50 million dollars by applicants will be counted towards the total capital investment. Tim Thune tells us more. In his policy address at the Legislative Council, Chief Executive John Lee made repeated references to property-related issues in the city. I do want
to help people to buy their own flats if they can afford it. And from a lot of opinions which I received in the consultation, the desire of Hong Kong people to buy their own flats continues to appear very strongly. Under the latest property measures, the maximum loan-to-value ratio for all residential properties will be adjusted to 70%.
payment-to-income ratio will be adjusted to 50%. The same applies to non-residential properties, with mortgage payment-to-income ratio rising from 40% to 50%. The Hong Kong Monetary Authority said the measure brings the loan-to-value ratios back to 2009 levels, emphasizing that the HKMA still has sufficient buffers to handle market fluctuations. Meanwhile, under the new capital investment entrance scheme, applicants are allowed to invest in residential properties, provided that the transaction price of a single
property is above $50 million. A portion of the investment could be counted towards the minimum investment threshold, subject to a cap of $10 million. They feel this is a place where they will get their, like, you know, whatever dream business or, you know, where they feel more secure with their family. And if someone has that amount of money, then definitely. But not all share the same view. Seems a bit high to me. I think they need to lower it now. That's a lot. Even for France, it's quite high, actually.
So yeah, we're quite surprised actually seeing the numbers. Many people have said the minimum property price of $50 million under the new capital investment entrance scheme is far too high. Some have said similar measures have been adopted in other countries, but with a far lower price threshold. Timothy Lee, TVB News. The plight of tenants at subdivided units has been a long-standing problem in Hong Kong. With that, Chief Executive John Lee is proposing new laws to regulate the city's 110,000 subdivisions
by the flats. The administration's new proposal will set minimum standards for Hong Kong's subdivided units. From the policy address, these so-called basic housing units must have a floor area of no less than eight square meters or 86 square feet, with the provision of windows and an individual toilet. Sources say there should be another sink outside the toilet to ensure residents will not have to handle food inside the bathroom. After conversion of substandard premises compliance with minimum standards must be confirmed by professionals roughly
30% of Hong Kong's subdivided units could not meet such standards. The government will also crack down on illegal residences in industrial buildings and on rooftops. A registration system will be set up for owners to apply for the grace period reportedly of three to four years. If landlords still rent out substandard units after that, they will face criminal liability. The government will set up teams of social workers to help subdivided unit residents find a basic housing unit. Hong Kong is a difficult place to live in. We know there will be steps that I've
taken by the government and we have to give them enough time to prepare and to allow the legislation to pass through and I think the most important thing is to protect our elders and those who are not able to make a better living. If they're going to do that which is good they need to make housing more accessible for the general population. While the minimum size of the base
housing units is just about two-thirds of a regular car park space. Some are worried the move might be endorsing such shoebox living environments. It's not to make what is illegal now legal. And we make this policy knowing that it is a difficult matter. That is why I hope it will be thoroughly debated in that school so that we can enhance it.
We also want to ensure that this new system will be able to tell the market which in some way need to exist by the sheer evidence that over 110 households are living in these accommodations. This Sham Shui Po apartment has a total of 18 tenants. The monthly rent of this bus space is about $2,500 inclusive
utilities. While many citizens find the government's policy to regulate these subdivided units a good step forward, as many of the units are plagued by safety and hygiene issues. Some tenants told us that they are worried they might not be able to find other accommodation options that are as affordable. Mr. Wang has lived here for four years. He's worried that after the regulation takes effect, monthly rents can double to the tune of $5,000. He hopes the government can roll out more light public or transitional housing units for people like him before
activating the regulation. New measures will be introduced to fight the abuse of rental public housing. Reports that people who report abuse cases could earn a reward of three thousand dollars starting in January. The policy address also announced measures to help young people buy subsidized property. An extra ballot number will be allocated to a young family or single applicants aged below 40 with white form status for the purchase of home ownership scheme flats. To support young people with a place
to live the housing authority will also distribute 1 500 extra quotas for applicants below the age of 40. the policy blueprint also includes measures to bolster hong kong's tourism sector the city leader said beijing is studying the sar government's proposal to step up visas for mainland visitors they include a resumption of a multi-entry arrangement for shenzhen residents starting today the criteria for multi-entry visas were relaxed for people from cambodia lao and
Vietnam with a validity period extended from two to three years. To attract Middle Eastern tourists, plans are afoot for more Arabic language information at the airport with lists of halal restaurants. An interdepartmental working group will be set up to develop and identify new tourist attractions. Apart from the yacht economy, with the city's six pandas, the government will boost panda tourism as well as the horse racing economy. The Jockey Club said it will start discussions with the government. It noted the club received...
23,000 tourist arrivals in season 23 to 24. The chief executive announced that duty on liquor with an import price of more than $200 will be reduced from 100% to 10% for the portion above $200. The new measure takes effect today. Memo Sengai reports. In his policy address, chief executive Zhongli announced the latest policy on liquor tax. The city already has zero duty on wines. DIA. So I'm starting to
day, reduce the duty rate for liquor with an import price of over 200 from 100% to 10% for the portion above $200, while the duty rate for the portion of $200 and below, as well as liquor with an import price of $200 or below, will remain unchanged. The CE said the measure aims to enhance liquor trading and the development of tourism and upscale dining venues. Nanguifong is often seen as a hotspot for bars, restaurants and clubs.
the chairman of Lang Gui Fong Groups gave his view on the policy. The clubs will do much, much better because, you know, the club business is all about drinking, especially for attracting many, many tourists to come to Hong Kong. In the past, wine was down. It made liquors seem very, very expensive. I think that there's been a good trade-off between the low-end product and the higher-end product. Above $200, you know, you get the higher-end spirits.
compared to their home place where they come from. The lawmaker representing medical and health services hopes the new spirit prices will not encourage heavy drinking. Whatever we are doing today, we are not suggesting that people should drink more. The message is clear. Drinking is harmful to health. It causes chronic diseases. It causes liver failure. So the message remains the same irrespective of the price. Meanwhile, a Chinese liquor company welcomed
the new policy, but it does not think a tax reduction in spirits will incentivize more people to drink. To taste different types of alcohols or liquids at a much affordable price, you learn the knowledge of different liquids, just like when you taste wine. And I think it is an educational process. I wouldn't say it will boost the whole market, but definitely that would be a good effect.
said the city could act as a crucial platform for promoting the trading of Chinese liquor to the international world. Minus Nine, TVB News. Chief Executive Sean Lee also suggested the development of a low-altitude economy in the city, which aims to use drones in low-altitude airspace for the delivery of goods and for tourism purposes. The government is set to run trials involving drones performing delivery, surveying, building maintenance and rescue work at designated
sites. Authorities will also consider amending existing regulations on the weight of drones and beyond line-of-sight flying activities. The government will set up a working group to facilitate the development on the low-altitude economy. According to China,
state media president xi jinping has said that china is willing to be a partner and friend with the united states in a congratulatory message he sent to the annual gala dinner of the national committee on u.s china relations she said a successful partnership between the two countries will benefit not only the two countries but the world he noted that ties between the two powers are among the most important in the world they have disagreed over taiwan global wars and trade restrictions.
Xi continued that China has always believed the success of China and the United States is an opportunity for each other. Three men have been found guilty of attacking police officers and common assault after they squirted police officers and journalists with water guns. The incident happened in April last year during a Thai-style water splashing festival in Kowloon City. The ruling was handed down in Kowloon City Magistrate's Court today. The three defendants, surnamed Teng, Yip and Yun, were
aged between 26 and 32. The trio were accused of assaulting three police officers and three TVB journalists in South Wall Road. The judge found the three men guilty on all charges, adding their behavior is outside of the acceptable conduct of the Songkran Festival. And that's the news. Thank you for watching. So
♪
