 Mr. Davis.
 is ready to interview you now.
 Thank you.
 Hello, Mr. Torre.
 Hello, nice to meet you. I'm Tom Davis, the manager of LCI software
 Nice to meet you mr. Davis first I'd like to congratulate you on passing our aptitude test.
 You did very well. Thank you.
 So how did you hear about this job?
 I saw an advertisement online.
 I clicked on it and it brought me to your company's website where I applied for it.
 - Makes sense.
 What do you know about our company so far?
 I've read on your website that for over 10 years
 LCI software has delivered professional services on software development projects
 for clients all over the world.
 I can tell form the pictures and client testimonials on the website that you do great, quality work.
 Yes, we always try to do quality work.
 The software products we build help many brands transform their businesses.
 So, tell me about yourself.
 I completed a bachelor's degree in environmental biology,
 and a master's degree in environmental informatics.
 I managed to get a job in the environmental engineering industry.
 But I soon realized I wasn't cut out for that job.
 and decided to move to a different industry.
 I decided to take the path of a software developer.
 Wow!
 What determined you to make such a bold career shift.
 I've had a great enthusiasm for technology since an early age.
 I've always loved computers and gadgets and enjoyed building them and taking them apart.
 I took online courses endorsed by high-profile universities and studied how to code.
 I have a few official software certificates.
 I started by building websites for people I knew.
 It helped me build a portfolio of projects.
 I got my first iOS development job at a software agency called Tech Services.
 I had the opportunity to learn more about the software building process there. 
 But, since there were not too many projects of that agency.
 After two years, I decided to look for another job.
 I soon started to work at an international startup company, Soft Solutions.
 It was a good chance to join a team. I've been able to use my training and
 experience fully at this company.
 I gained experience in many things
 like teamwork, time management, and quick decision making.
 How long have you been working for Soft Solutions?
 I've been working there for three years.
 Why do you want to leave leave that job? 
 I'm looking for a company where I can contribute more and grow.
 I'm ready to take the next step of my career.
 What exactly made you apply for this job at our company?
 I can see that your company has much future growth potential.
 I would love to grow my career at a company that has a great
 reputation in the software industry.
 What are your strengths?
 My strengths are persistence and courage.
 I give my all to achieve my goals, in spite of any hardships I might encounter
 along the way. I have a hard working nature. I'm always
 looking for ways to improve and grow.
 I'm also a great team player.
 Can you provide an example of how you acted as a team player?
 I always tried to help my teammates complete their tasks if I had completed mine.
 Whenever someone needed to leave earlier, I would offer to
 cover for them.
 I'm willing to do whatever it takes
 for the team or company to succeed.
 Great, so what would you do if you didn't get on with someone on your team?
 I would try to sort things out in a calm and rational manner.
 I would do my best to get on with that person for the sake of the team.
 What are your weaknesses?
 I can be a bit too straightforward at times and sometimes that hurts people.
 But I'm working on this and try to stop myself from being overly direct.
 Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
 In 5 years, I'd like to be seen as someone with deep expertise
 in software development. I hope to be offered the opportunity
 to take the lead on some projects.
 There are definitely promotion opportunities at our company, depending on your
 achievements and expertise.
 Do you work well under pressure?
 Usually, I don't panic and manage to maintain self-control.
 There were many tight deadlines and stressful situations at my previous jobs.
 I always put in extra hours and did my best in meeting the needs of the clients.
 I've always delivered high quality work and respected my
 deadlines.
 Interesting. Can you tell me about a recent accomplishment or success you had?
 I was part of the team that built the Louis Kitchen App.
 With this app, it's easy to order your favorites, even when you're on the go.
 I love creating something that people can interact with and enjoy.
 That's quite impressive I must admit.
 Okay, thanks so much for coming in, Mr. Torres.
 It was great to meet you.
 It was great to meet you too.
 I'll give you a call tomorrow. Sounds good. I look forward to it. Thank you.
 Hello?
 Hello. This is Tom Davis, the manager of LCI software.
 Am I speaking to Mark Torres?
 Yes, this is Mark Torres speaking.
 Great!
 I'm calling to inform you that your interview was successful and I'd like to offer
 you the job.
 Thank you so much. I'd love to take the job.
 When would you like me to start?
 Thanks for watching!
 If you liked this video, please subscribe to our YouTube channel!
