

Hi Lucy, thanks for coming over.
You're looking great.
Come on in.
Hi, Melody.
Sorry for turning
up so late.
It's fine.
Don't worry about it.
Welcome to my apartment.
It looks amazing. Thanks for inviting
me over. I love the furniture.
The furniture was here when I moved in.
Sit down
and make yourself comfortable.
Thanks.

Would you like something to drink?
I have diet coke, fruit juice and coffee.
A diet coke please.
So
Please tell me how are you getting on with your life as a college student.
Well, in the beginning, it was hard for me to fit in.
I grew up in a very small town.
I was not used to living in a big city.
I didn't even have any friends and
I felt pretty lonely.
It was hard for me to hang in there.
But things have changed for the better.
I finally 
made a few good friends to hang out with.
That's great to hear!
What's a typical day in your life like?

Well, I wake up at 7 a.m.
I go to the bathroom, wash my face and brush my teeth.
I work out every morning.
I can't do without it.
Before exercising, I would like to warm up by doing stretches.
Then I take a shower and 
After that, I have breakfast.
Next, I write down my to-do list
for the day. I always plan my day ahead.
I have a strict schedule and I do my best to stick to it.
Then I check the weather because I like 
to be prepared for the day. And pick out the right outfit.
Before I leave, I put on my makeup.
My classes
usually start at 9.

How many meals do you have a day?
I have five or 
six light meals a day. I've noticed that three heavy meals a day.
generally way me down.
So I try to eat less and more often.
I have more energy.
this way and I can concentrate much better.
Whenever possible, I tried to squeeze in 15 to 30 minutes of exercise in the afternoon.
exercising helps me calm down when I'm stressed.
and it doesn't take up too much of my time.
When do you usually get home?
It depends on the day but typically I get home at around 6 p.m.
I have dinner a little later.
Then I lay down for a few minutes and scroll down 
social media on my phone.
Next I study for
for a few hours.
Then I watched TV.
I try to stay away from negative news.
I usually go for comedies.
Before going to bed, I feel in my journal and reflect on the day.
My journal helps me with my emotions and thoughts.
It also helps me to set goals.
I plan on taking a French course this year.
That's my new goal.
I love to learn and try out new things all the time.
I just want to point out that a journal is really helpful.
Yeah, I see.
Maybe I should keep a journal too.
I have many goals that I'd like to achieve.
I want to sign for a gym membership, but I just keep putting it off.
I never actually get around to ever doing it.
I plan on keeping a diet
and cutting down on sweets. But I never make it.
I need something sweet every day to help me get through busy days.
To sum it all up. I think I'm a mess.
Just
Stick to your goals and don't give up!
Your effort will finally pay off!
What do you usually doing in your free time?
Sometimes I sleep in
on weekends when I'm tired. I like to go out and catch up on
friends and family.
What about you?
You're in the third year, right?
What's your day like?
My schedule always runs over no matter how organized.
I get it pretty late about 9 a.m.
My chaotic morning messes up the rest of the day.
I wish I could wake up earlier, but sleep is holding me back each morning.
I go to bed
very late at about 1 a.m. I haven't been able to change this yet.
but I'm working on it.
I'm sure you'll finally make it!
I have a very busy schedule, that's why I never show up on time 
anywhere. The problem is that I've taken a
a part-time job at the mall. So I go to work every day after classes.
There's just too much going on in my life right now.
I'm not great at
dealing with stress.
Maybe you need to slow down and cut back on some activities. Otherwise you'll burn yourself out.
You're perfectly right. I'll drop a few activities and set aside 
time for rest.
Do you want to come round on
Saturday night, I'm throwing a party.
I'm not 
sure about that. You know I'm not into parties. Please don't turn me down.
we'll have a great time.
Okay then if it's so 
important to you, I try to come.
Great! I'm looking forward to it.
do I need to dress up?
No 
you can wear casual clothes. I have to go now. I don't want to take up any 
more of your time.
And I have to get down to studying.

Thanks for watching!
If you like this video, please subscribe to our YouTube channel.
