♪
Computer science is everywhere, ranging from computer graphics, software engineering, computer systems to big data and artificial intelligence. All of us encounter computer science and engineering every day. Hello, I'm Qiong Luo. I will elaborate more in this talk. ♪ ♪
As you see, computer technologies are in every corner of our world, from space travel, ocean exploration, precision agriculture, to digital cities where we live. Furthermore, computer technologies improve our daily lives in many aspects. For example, smart homes, intelligent transportation, personalized medicine, and secure mobile payment. Specifically, at HKUST, our CSE
is actively making contributions to the society through their research. Just in this spring, Professor Gary Chan's team developed a geofencing technology used in enforcing home quarantine. Professor Qifeng Chen participated in the development of a smart fever screening system deployed both on campus and at border control. Professor Ming Liu invented
first autonomous driving vehicle in Hong Kong, readily helping unmanned goods delivery. Behind these exciting technologies developments is our Computer Science and Engineering program. In particular, our CSE department has eight research areas: Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Data and Knowledge Engineering, Human-Computer Interaction, Networking and and computer systems.
software engineering and programming languages, theoretical computer science, and computer vision and graphics. Our CSE program is special in several ways. In the QS World University ranking by subject, our CSE program is highly ranked globally as well as in Hong Kong.
Part of this high ranking is due to our world-class faculty, leading research in their areas of expertise. Peace.
Here are a few interesting research projects as examples. Pinpoint is a project led by Professor Charles Zhang, aiming at finding bugs in the computer programs accurately and efficiently. Professor Xiaojuan Ma and her students' research is about helping robots understand the human facial expressions for better human-computer interaction. Professor D.Y. Yang led a team to
machine learning techniques to analyze the usage data of an e-learning platform for prediction and recommendation. Professor Andrew Horner and his students created computer programs that can change existing music pieces into different moods. Two more interesting projects. RoboLawyer is a chatbot program that takes user input in plain English,
and generates legal contracts, such as employment contracts, automatically. Professor Yangqiu Song and his students developed this program. Finally, Professor Qian Zhang and her team invented network security technologies for smart devices, which are widely used in our daily lives and record our private data. Our CSC students have actively participated in various competitions
and achieved outstanding results. For example, the CSE programming team, comprised of three undergraduate students and supervised by Dr. Chifeng Chen, has won the championship in the ACM Hong Kong Programming Context 2022. The competition required the participating teams to solve a set of challenging programming problems within a time limit, and our team defeated the other 16 teams from eight local tertiary institutions.
Another example is the Huawei ICT Competition 2021-2022 held in Hong Kong SAR. It is a competitive ICT talent event organized by Huawei for global college students. The competition was launched in China in 2015 and was held in Hong Kong for the first time in 2021. Over 300 students competed in this multi-round event. The team UNIQ, formed by three CSE students,
with Dr. Alex Lam being the team advisor has won the bronze award in this competition.
Having talked about the achievements of our faculty and undergraduate students, next I will introduce some details of our program. We offer two majors: Bachelor of Engineering and a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science. Additionally, we offer CPAC jointly with the ECE department, DSCT with the School of Science, and RMBI with the Business School.
In the dual, we also offer dual degree programs, COGBM and CPGBM. Last but not least, CSC students can take additional majors, and their degrees will be associated with their first major. Here is an overview of the COMP curriculum. In the first year, students take engineering introductory courses and other non-major courses. the subsequent years as a
Comp major, students take foundation courses as well as area courses. In the last year of study, students do a final year project or an industry co-op program. The main feature of our curriculum is a light core major to give students greater flexibility to develop their interest through the area courses. They can easily pursue a second major or a minor.
and take a wider variety of electives in or outside CSE. We offer a big data technology minor at CSE. Our students also take minors from many other departments, such as business, math, chemistry, physics, engineering management, humanities, and social science.
More than half our CSE students participate in overseas exchange programs at leading universities all over the world. For elite students, we not only offer dual degree programs and double majors, but also honors courses and the university's undergraduate research opportunities program.
The job prospects for CSE students are excellent. According to the US News, the software developer job is consistently ranked in the very top of the 100 best jobs in the world. The employment survey also shows our CSE graduates are highly popular in the job market. Most of our graduates in the survey started their jobs in the business and the commerce sector, and the rest
in engineering and industry, education, and other sectors. Our graduates have many job options, including both software developer jobs, such as app developer, database admin, network engineer, and other types of jobs, for example, as a bioinformatics specialist, journalist in computer-related publications, and electronic data processing auditor. to prepare our students
for their careers, we offer an industrial experience course, Comp.1991, in which students can either take internships at companies or take industrial training on campus. Some of our academic-oriented students go on to further studies at the top universities, including Carnegie Mellon University, Columbia, Princeton, Stanford, and others. Here is a recent sample
of three of our 2016 comp graduates, Chao-Wen Yin, Stephen Lui, and Alan Shum. They now work in Japan, Germany, and the USA, all in IT companies. I have presented you with our CSE program, faculty research, and student achievements. All these happenings start on our beautiful and modern campus. We'll have both indoor and outdoor swimming.
swimming pools, we also have a new water sports center by the sea, our spacious library and learning commons, our on-campus conference lodge for visitors, and our computer labs. Breathtaking views of the Redbird Sand Dile, the sports field, and the buildings on the hills by the sea. You may visit CSE websites to find out more information about our department and undergraduate programs.
questions please feel free to contact us. I hope you enjoyed this video and have found our programs and research exciting. If you are always passionate about using computers to create innovative technologies and make a difference, I hope to see you soon on our stunning HQST campus. Thank you. you
