These are basic things. You have to know that. You have to know how to dress correctly. You have to know if you have body order. You have to know whether you're spitting on people's face and how to stop it when you're speaking. If you don't do these things, ladies and gentlemen, you will be in an average life
how the environment around you is going to progress along with you. You must know that
makes the right opportunity and the right preparation come together? When does that synergy happen for you to be prepared for it? Because, like they say, if you're prepared but you don't get the opportunity, it's useless. If you have the opportunity, you're not prepared. It's not useless. But they have to meet at a point, right? And that meeting happens because you will it to happen. Because you want it so badly to happen. I could be walking down any street. I could be anybody. But why did
one director come and meet me and wanted me to act in that television serial. If you look at every next step in my career, I have never prepared for it. I have never imagined that this could happen. I never imagined that Mani Ratnam will call me. How would Mani Ratnam know about a guy who's doing a television series in Bombay without even seeing one episode of mine? So let's come back to that one point that happens. The synergy that happens between the right opportunity and the right preparation.
when you have what is called situational awareness. So let me tell you a little bit about situational awareness. Situational awareness is when, as in the army, they say you're completely aware of what is happening around you at all times. So, as I was saying,
manners. It's not just a desire. It's not the desire just to be considered to be a polite guy, but the ability to know when somebody needs to be wished, somebody needs help, somebody needs assistance or somebody has to run away. And that's why you teach your child good manners. And I will tell you today from the bottom of my heart, I might not be completely worthy of some of the opportunities.
got those opportunities simply because I was a very well-mannered person. I was able to... Yeah, so... And with that manner, with the way you walk,
You're very good engineers, buddy. We're really good at what we're doing.
first instant and for two reasons one is that either you should know what is your good what is a good profession for you if you're not able to make an impression then quickly change it this is not the be-all and end-all the engineering or whichever subject that you choose to major in when you're in college does not literally have to be your lifelong profession but give it a shot at least know if that is a profession that you really want to pursue and excel in because that's the only way you'll survive is if you excel in it if you excel in it to such
an extent that you think, sleep, dream, eat, breathe that particular job. And I do that with acting. And I'm telling you, I do not know what else. I would have been a really bad soldier because I think I'm a really good actor. I'm involved completely 100% of the time. I'm doing research. If I have free time, I'm going to YouTube and finding out what is a different method of acting. I just do that with a passion. If you're not doing that for your profession, know that you're in a secondary profession. Know that you're doing something which the Lord has not made you to achieve.
glory in so you have to give it that shot now what i what i'm trying to tell you is that kolhapuri friends of mine who then came to me and i said okay let's try and see if we can change that so at five o'clock in the morning they would come to my room we'll go to the terrace and i started teaching them how to present themselves in the interview things that i had the good fortune of doing because i had many interviews and many group discussions to attend and then I started with basic things on how to shave.
hands, how to look somebody in the eye and speak, how do you introduce yourself, how do you shake hands with a lady as opposed to a man, how do you speak on a phone, what is dining table etiquette, what's telephone etiquette, when do you use a shrimp fork or a salad fork or a... people might think I don't require that, I'm never going to work on those things, I'm doing my father's business but you never know, that is the preparation that you make to make that quantum leap in your careers. These are basic things you have
have to know that. You have to know how to dress correctly. You have to know if you have body order. You have to know whether you're spitting on people's face and how to stop it when you're speaking. If you don't do these things, ladies and gentlemen, you will be in an average life, doing an average job and living an average life. Having said that, I'm not saying
were interviewed they said four years of learning engineering one side and those three days with Maddy we became engineers and successful today because of those three days and what I am teaching you is nothing extraordinary it is simple stuff it's the norm this is the way of the world so yes we are all radicals here I mean you guys are very awesome students you're sitting there quietly listening to me we used to make a ruckus if somebody came to give a speech but the idea is that you have to connect to the audiences that you're speaking to public speaking and group
discussion skills can be taught in 15 minutes. I used to challenge my students that I should say, I will hold each and every one of your attention for 15 minutes because I will say such relevant stuff that you will be forced to pay attention to me. And that's how you make an impression. That's how you break the clutter. That's how you get seen in this world. And that's how you can achieve glory for yourself and this wonderful nation that you're part
♪♪
♪
