Well, Festive Chair has arrived early with the big discount deals on Amazon and Flipkart.
Consumers have begun to rush to snag deals on everything from electronics to fashion.
Hello and welcome. You are watching the big story on NDTV and I'm Nupur Talwar Suri.
In the spotlight today is the great Indian battle of e-commerce sales.
The upcoming October to December period is critical for retailers as festivals from
Diwali to Durga Puja drive up sales, contributing a significant portion of the annual revenue.
Consumers are embracing the festive spirit with their proactive shopping behavior,
signaling and even stronger performance ahead.
Now, leading smartphone brands like Xiaomi and Samsung are capitalizing on the moment
slashing prices and pushing hard-to-clear stocks while encouraging retailers to meet bold targets.
e-commerce heavyweights, Amazon Flipkart, as well as Mintra along with the rapid delivery
services like Blinket and Zepto are leading the charge, rolling out discounts as high
as 80% with ultra-fast delivery options.
On the big story, we look at who's dominating the e-commerce shopping space.
And to discuss this further, we are now joined by Mr. Anil Bharadwaj.
He's the Secretary-General of the Federation of SME.
Mr. Bharadwaj, good evening. Thank you very much for speaking to us on NDTV profit.
Now, Mr. Bharadwaj, of course, this is a time, you know, when big e-commerce wars
actually play out in the country, everywhere you look, e-tailers have been aggressively
advertising, they're trying to woo Indian shoppers with discounts.
That almost would seem unbelievable, up to 80% off, up to 85% off.
Now, we are also looking at revenues worth about one lakh crore this year.
How do you see this big battle to capture this space?
See, this is a fact of Indian retail industry that almost 40% to 50% of sales happen during
the festive period, and almost everybody is predisposed to buy, to decorate houses or
gifting.
So gifting, as a matter of fact, majority of the gifting takes place during this period.
And sellers have their task cut out.
They also want to leverage this predispposition of the clients and the consumers, and they
stock goods, they plan, they do their inventory planning, capital management, etc., exactly
for this one month and a half or two.
So our members also stock stuff and, you know, they plan and they try to club many products
together and try to push as many as possible.
So it's like, you know, selling more and based on the quantity they want to reduce the prices
and deals come.
So some, of course, may go up to 20%, 30%, 40%.
So I mean, this is interesting as well as good for consumers.
Right now, Mr. Bhadwaj, there are a lot of consumers who actually wonder whether these
big giants actually first bump up the prices and then appear to give discounts.
And that's the question on a lot of people's minds as to how much discount are you actually
getting are these discounts for real?
Well, to be honest, India is such a large market and there are so many sellers, hundreds
and thousands of sellers both online and offline, it is impossible to manage the prices, to
be honest.
So there is no possibility of bumping up the prices and them giving the discounts.
So discounts are genuine.
The difference is that, you know, people try to push the inventory because they have
stocked it and they have, I mean, if you sell more, then there is a possibility that you
can reduce the prices.
So it's based on that bulk sale that ultimately they have been able to reduce prices.
And they also know that, you know, if they miss out on this window of opportunity of
one month and a half or two, then they will have to wait for next one year.
So I think at the end of it, maybe the discounts would be pretty steep in the beginning, maybe
less.
But I guess most of the discounts are real.
What you are essentially saying is that it's actually volumes that are driving up these
sales and, you know, manufacturers are looking at perhaps doing enough volume to be able to
gather profits.
But you made this point about, you know, the first people who hit the sale.
Now there is some research that seems to suggest that the first one week of these sales is
actually where you get the best deals and also where, you know, retailers actually get the
maximum profits.
Well, that depends actually from product to product.
So I mean, it may be different in mobile, it may be different in perfumed products or
may be different in maybe food stuff.
So it depends.
So I think because of the competition, there are different people and they check out their
own strategies to market that what suits them most.
But there is no method to it actually.
So it is basically their own individual market genius that they want to try out.
Right.
Now what we see in reports that are coming out, it seems to suggest that mobiles and
fashion is something that has the biggest piece in the pie.
So mobiles, yes, smartphones, top of everybody's list, but fashion, do you see this as a growing
and a changing trend?
Absolutely.
For sure.
I mean, fashion has entered into gifting, which was not earlier the case, earlier people
used to gift only dry fruits and maybe biscuits and chocolates.
Now fashion has entered into it, preferably in a big way.
So I think it is maybe because that you have more choice, the brands are also there which
are more dependable and the prices are also more stabilized.
So people are aware that if you buy not in this season, you might end up paying more.
So I think it works out because of the volumes and because of the ease of choice between
many brands.
Right.
Also, the battle also seems to be shifting now to tier two and tier three cities.
You know, earlier it was just the metros, which essentially contributed to much of the
growth that we see in, say, the big guys, that's a flip cart and Amazon.
But now we are seeing an interesting trend that it's also picking up in tier two and
tier three cities.
Is that something you have noticed as well?
Yes, yes.
You're right.
And there are two major drivers for that.
One is the connectivity, road connectivity, and the other is the connectivity of the mobile.
So now I have in the villages in the remotest part of India, you have two MP, the speed
of two MPBS per second, which makes the smartphone works even in the villages.
And people can use the apps of major platforms and order them online.
And the good thing is that the goods can be delivered at their doorstep because of the
better connectivity.
So I think a lot of good things have converged to create new markets in tier two and tier
two, three cities.
Now, in the beginning of this game, there were just two major players.
One, of course, was Flipkart and then there was Amazon.
Now we hear almost of new names coming up.
Meesho is one, which seems to be picking up at least in tier two and tier three cities.
And there are several others.
How do you see this playing out in the longer run?
Well I think at the top, there may be two or three broad-based platforms.
And then of course, there would be niche players, maybe regional players, maybe specializing
in certain commodities, maybe specializing on the speed of delivery.
So India, I think, is a very hot bucket and it is providing opportunities for a lot of
innovations to take place.
So I think it's good.
And looking forward, I think there are more opportunities for newer players who can serve
those customers who have remain unsolved until now.
All right, thank you very much for joining us on this discussion.
Mr. Bhartwaj, good to have you on the show.
Thank you.
Pleasure is mine.
Thank you.
All right.
Now the big question that everybody is going to be asking today is that where is it that
you can find the best discounts and how do you make the best use, essentially, of the
season of discounts and NDTV profits, Malika Mishra brings you the hacks.
The great Indian sale on Amazon and the big billion days on Flipkart are on.
The sales went live today on 27th September and for those of you who have Amazon Prime
and Flipkart's VIP membership, you would have gotten access to the sale discounts from
the 26th of September itself.
Predictably the internet is flooded with videos and articles providing hacks on how to get
the best discounts.
We compiled seven best hacks for you.
Hack number one, you must have a subscription or membership of these platforms.
In case of Flipkart, you can also buy the early birth pass in just 99 rupees.
Hack number two, you must have the right bank card.
For instance, to make the best use of the Flipkart sale, an HDFC credit card or debit
card could turn out to be of great advantage and in case of Amazon, an SPI card could be
the most beneficial one.
If you don't have either, you could go for Flipkart access bank card and Amazon ICICI
bank card.
Even gift cards help with greatest discounts and cashback.
Now, Hack number three, most importantly, have clarity on what you want to buy before
the sale starts itself.
Like which phone, which laptop, you should be clear about what color, how much storage,
which version, etc.
Have accurate clarity on the product of your interest.
Hack number four, add the card and the shipping address to your account way before to avoid
items going out the stock while you fill out these details.
The catch is, to make your purchase quick because the best deals are available in the
first 15 minutes of the sale.
Hack number five, pre-install and keep a price history tracker on your phone or laptop
that will help give you a better idea of the discount because people often get distracted
with seemingly large discounts.
This in turn will keep you focused on what you want to buy.
Hack number six, before purchasing any product compared its price on both Amazon and Flipkart
as Amazon tends to give you better deals for small appliances and Flipkart gives you better
deals for large appliances.
And Hack number seven, finally, don't forget to save your items in your wish list.
