Let's go across now to someone who knows the workings of the Tata group very well, has
known Ratan Tata very well and closely.
So, he'll say it found out and managing partner at Council of Engineers with us now.
So, he'll thank you for taking out the time and speaking with us here at NDTV Profit.
And, you know, it's a bit of a poignant conversation because till 24 hours ago, we were all talking
about a loss, which in a way, so many people felt personally, even if they didn't know,
Mr. Ratan Tata, but everyone felt like they lost something, and today we're talking about
what next, and I suppose such as life, but give us a sense, is this something that was
always on the cards because it's been done very smoothly without any fuss in a very short
period of time.
So, as you said, and you alluded to the church in the state, which by the way, I'm glad
you did, it's a long forgotten analogy, this was very clear and it was also equally clear
to everyone, excuse me, that the transition would be smooth, it would be respectful,
and it would be dignified, much like Ratan Tata led his life, much like I can tell you,
I've known Noel for years, and there is no one better than Noel Navaritara to take over
from those gigantic shoes for three reasons.
One is he understands the workings of the Tata group because he's worked in the Tata group
for ages, unlike any of the other trustees who are there today.
Meli Misri, to my mind, was the only, is the only other person who has been close to
Ratan Tata, and who has been, who has seen the group evolve.
Noel Tata, to my mind, taking over ensures two things as your colleague was also saying.
See, Tata Sons has been led verminably by Ench and the Sacred, and for anyone, everyone should know
that Ratan Tata was relieved when Ench and the Sacred took over as Chairman Tata Sons,
and his relief was vindicated and continues to be vindicated in the performance of Tata Sons.
That separation was needed and was made in 2022, and today you've seen its smooth,
its dignified, and its swift, because the trusts are what the business of Tata's was all about.
The founders created this enterprise only with the view of giving back to society
for the greater good, as was often said.
When Jamsheji Nasser Van Ji Tata began, then Dorap Tata took over, it was very clear
that we were, I mean, they were in the business of serving humanity, of serving society,
and therefore, I'm delighted. And you know, I just sent Noel a message, then I spoke to him,
I said, you know, the beauty is that Ratan Tata will be smiling from the heavens, because
you'll have done exactly what he would have wanted you to do. You have done it with grace,
you have done it with a sense of continuity and an even greater commitment to purpose.
What better away could there have been?
So, you of course knew and did the last very detailed interview with Ratan Tata as well.
Is this something that he always had in mind that Noel would take over this role?
So let me tell you one thing about Mr Tata, I never ever discussed it with him,
but I knew it was coming the day Noel was appointed as trustee on the two major trusts.
And let me also say, the children, whether it is Neville or Leah or Maya, they are exactly,
they're an imprint of the Tata family and the Tata way of life. So when even the kids got on,
I mean, in my heart, I knew and after Noel and the kids got on, I did tell Mr Tata,
I said it's such a great thing that there would be continuity, that there'll be people who will
be happy. Remember, any all said and done, it is, I'm delighted that there's a Parsi at the head.
I'm totally delighted. I'm not a communal or a discriminator. But I think it's a good thing,
because even in Noel, you have decency, you have grace. Noel has been extreme,
the all his life has been lowkey. And all the people who said, "Oh, but Noel is running this
today, see where Zudio is, where Trent is, see where Tata retail is." You know, it says a lot
about character when you succeed and embrace success with grace, with dignity and with some
quietude. And that to my mind is a, it's, I'm delighted on the one hand, I'm deeply sad about
what happened and how we've lost to my mind, the giant of a man and all the other, I'm delighted.
Because I know, I know he too will be, wherever he is. And he'll, he was sigh of relief.
And I'm sure even Chandra, who, who, as I said, has done a formidable job of leading Tata sons,
he too will be happy. Because what would Chandra want? He would want the dividend that Tata sons
goes out, goes to a trust which is headed by a human being who will ensure the benefits are
provided in multifarious ways to society at large. So, well, Sajit here, do you think Noel will be
able to push the philanthropy much more aggressively across through the society?
Mr Tata has created many institutions over the last two decades. Do you see Noel also,
you know, going that part and creating for newer, you know, institutions for the society?
Absolutely. And, you know, I wouldn't use the word aggressive because that is not part of the
lexicon in the Tata way of life. But he will do it. Please remember, when Noel started out,
everyone doubted, oh, well, the actor will retail do this. He's done it. He's done it with
with a plump. He's taken the footprint globally. Also remember that with Tata International,
he was already the global face of the house of Tata way before, way, way before.
You know, the fact that he's vice chairman Tata Steel, he's on the board of Titan means
that he's intricately even involved with the running of some of the operating companies
of Tata sons. So, I don't think the word is aggressive. What had happened was,
and said, hey, this is an important message for your viewers also to know that at one point
in time, Tata trusts had begun to do a lot of things. And what Mr Tata did was he assimilated
all of that. He then made it pretty coordinated, driven through verticals. And those are continuing
to do work, and they're doing amazing work. For instance, Noel is as committed to cancer centers
as Mr Tata was, as Rathan was. So, I see absolutely not even a blip in the manner that this whole
thing has happened. And I can tell you it's good for the house of Tata. It's even better for our country.
You know, just on that part, Noel Tata's commitment to some of the same causes that the Tata Trust
has taken forward and personally, Rathan Tata was committed to. So, the Cancer Trust. But what are
his own sort of very near and dear issues? So, for example, Mr Tata, very passionate about
animal rights and has worked towards things like that. Is there something to your knowledge that
Noel would want to focus on in the philanthropic scale while, of course, continuing all the good
work that's taking place? I think, Noel, if you know Noel as I do, Noel is a very, very strategic
human being. He is going to be as committed to the small animals hospital and to animal welfare
as Rathan Tata was to expect a carbon copy would be unfair on both Mr Tata and on Noel AB. Please
remember that Noel was part of the Trust when many of these decisions that you are talking about
came to fruition. So, I don't see any departure. I can only tell you one thing, Tamana, that
with Noel there, with Mele there, Noel being the half-brother, being a Tata, Mele being the person
who was the closest confidante to Rathan Tata. I see continuity. I see the same level of commitment
rather than the word aggression and I see the same level and exactitude in terms of purpose.
In terms of what the relationship was and I know it's sounding a little intrusive but believe
me people, this is such a private family and people just want to know, which is why I'm asking,
what was the kind of relationship equation between Rathan Tata and Noel Tata? Did they work together
often? How would it work going? How was it? It was good. I mean, there are people who will
pass dispersion on everyone. I mean, even your family, my family, oh, you talked to your brother
when it was the last time you had dinner with him, all that kind of nonsense. But they were together
and Mele, let me tell you, Rathan was deeply, deeply, deeply fond of Noel's children as well,
where it was Leah or Maya or Nevel. Nevel, he took to Nevel like you can't imagine.
You know, sometimes I used to joke. In fact, at times, I would joke to Noel that, you know,
what if R&D scripts a generation, just jokingly?
That was, that was the buzz. It was funny to say that to him, but that was the buzz.
It's rather rubbish. Let me tell you, Rathan Tata loved Noel deeply. Did he have some issues?
He may have, he never shed them. So anyone who tells you, oh, Mr Tata told me that he had this
issue, that issue is lying, because Mr Tata wasn't that kind of person. He wasn't, you know, a gossip
producer. He wasn't the kind of person who'd say, oh, but I don't agree with him, blah, blah, blah.
Let's not forget. And this, I don't know if you remember.
After October 24, 2016, when Cyrus was asked to resign, he didn't, then he was
thrown out. There were EGM's held in all the operating companies. There was also an EGM held
for Tata sons. And guess who spoke in the most vociferously organized, committed manner, Noel Tata?
Noel Tata spoke against the value, desecration, and the value degradation that had happened
at the house of Tata by his own brother-in-law. Give the man some credit.
Noel Tata could have easily just kept quiet. But that's why I'm telling you the same seeds
of a principled approach, of firmness, of courage are in loyal as they were in Ratan.
And what about the working relationship between Noel Tata and Enchandra? Of course, now completely,
they already worked together. But now in this capacity,
again, excellent. I was there yesterday at NCPA. You should have seen the way Chandra and Noel were.
You know, I'm from Theta. I've done 167th place, the manna. I know a thing or two about body
language. You can immediately make out by body language, KCA. Always close. Please remember,
Chandra is, and you know this, you run a business and Chandra is a formidable professional.
And he also is in the same grain of decency and dignity. These are not people, you know,
what the bodies are, you know, la war. They're not like friend. These are decent people here.
They know how to behave. They have grace. They have dignity. Also, please understand,
Noel was already on the trusts. Chandra has been Chairman Tata since February 2017.
They have an excellent relationship. My advice to all these people who fill your years and the
years of a million other people is, rather than fill years, why don't you have them cleaned?
We always hear the wrong things. And let me tell you, this is a great relationship.
It will be a great partnership. And on October 11, 2025,
do a one-year anniversary show on Noel Tata's first year at Taratras. And we'll be still saying
the same things. We will be still talking about purpose. We'll talk about integrity.
We'll talk about commitment. We'll talk about the greater good. And we'll talk about giving back
in great measure. I hope we will be able to convince him to come on
camera and talk about it. That is your problem. I'm not your destination executive yet.
I was going to invite you back a year from now. If I'm alive, I will be there.
Oh god, a willing, of course, you will be. But thank you so much, Ohel. Always a pleasure to
chat. Thank you for taking out the time and speaking with us. Thank you so much. Lovely,
Sadhguru. Thank you so much. And let me tell you, today is a very, very happy day
on the back of an extremely sad day. But then after every dark night, there's a springing dawn.
