[Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Good morning! Welcome to Google I/O. I [Applause] love you guys! I can't believe it's one year already. It's a beautiful day. We've been joined by over 7,000 people, and we are live-streaming this, as always, to over 400 events in 85 countries. Last year marked the tenth year since Google I/O started, and so we moved it closer to home at Shoreline, back where it all began. It seems to have gone well. I checked the Wikipedia entry from last year; there were some mentions of sunburn, so we have plenty of sunscreen all around. It's on us; use it liberally. 

It's been a very busy year since last year, no different from my 13 years at Google. That's because we've been focused evermore on our core mission of organizing the world's information, and we are doing it for everyone. We approach it by applying deep computer science and technical insights to solve problems at scale. That approach has served us very, very well. This is what has allowed us to scale up seven of our most important products and platforms to over a billion monthly active users each. 

It's not just the scale at which these products are working; users engage with them very heavily. YouTube not only has over a billion users, but every single day, users watch over 1 billion hours of videos on YouTube. Google Maps: every single day, users navigate over 1 billion kilometers with Google Maps. So the scale is inspiring to see, and there are other products approaching this scale. We launched Google Drive five years ago, and today it has over 800 million monthly active users. Every single week, there are over three billion objects uploaded to Google Drive. Two years ago at Google I/O, we launched Photos as a way to organize users' photos using machine learning, and today we have over 500 million active users. Every single day, users upload 1.2 billion photos to Google. 

So the scale of these products is amazing, but they are all still working their way towards Android, which I'm excited about. As of this week, we crossed over 2 billion active devices running Android, as you can see the robot behind me is pretty happy. So it's a privilege to serve users at this scale, and this is all because of the growth of mobile and smartphones. 

But computing is evolving again. We spoke last year about this important shift in computing from a mobile-first to an AI-first approach. Mobile made us reimagine every product we were working on. We had to take into account that the user interaction model fundamentally changed with multi-touch, location, identity, payments, and so on. Similarly, in an AI-first world, we are rethinking all our products and applying machine learning and AI to solve user problems. We are doing this across every one of our products. 

So today, if you use Google Search, we rank differently using machine learning. Or if you're using Google Maps, Street View automatically recognizes restaurant signs and street signs using machine learning. Duo, with video calling, uses machine learning for low-bandwidth situations, and Smart Reply, which had great reception last year, will now be rolled out to over 1 billion users of Gmail. It works really well. Here’s a sample email: if you get an email like this, the machine learning systems learn to be conversational, and it can reply and find out what Saturday is. So it's really nice to see. 

Just like with every platform shift, how users interact with computing changes. Mobile brought multi-touch; we evolved beyond keyboard and mouse. Similarly, we now have voice and vision as new important modalities for computing. Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways. 

Let's start with voice. We've been using voice as an input across many of our products. That's because computers are getting much better at understanding speech. We have had significant breakthroughs, but the pace, even since last year, has been pretty amazing to see. Our word error rate continuously improves, even in very noisy environments. This is why if you speak to Google on your phone or Google Home, we can pick up your voice accurately, even in noisy environments. 

When we were shipping Google Home, we had originally planned to include eight microphones so that we could accurately locate the source of where the user was speaking from. But thanks to deep learning and a technique called neural beamforming, we were able to ship it with just two microphones and achieve the same quality. Deep learning is what allowed us, about two weeks ago, to announce support for multiple users in Google Home, so that we can recognize up to six people in your house and personalize the experience for each and every one. 

So voice is becoming an important modality in our products. The same thing is happening with vision. Similar to speech, we are seeing great improvements in computer vision. So when we look at a picture like this, we are able to understand the attributes behind the picture. We realize it's your boy at a birthday party; there was cake and family, and your boy was happy. So we can understand all that better now. Our computer vision systems, now for the task of image recognition, are even better than humans. So it's pounding progress, and we are using it across products. 

If you use the Google Pixel, it has the best-in-class camera, and we do a lot of work with computer vision. You can take a low-light picture like this, which is noisy, and we automatically make it much clearer for you. Or coming very soon, if you take a picture of your daughter at a baseball game and there is something obstructing it, we can do the hard work, remove the obstruction, and present the picture of what matters in front of you. 

We are clearly at an inflection point with vision, and today we are announcing a new initiative called Google Lens. Google Lens is a set of vision-based computing capabilities that can understand what you're looking at and help you take action based on that information. We will ship it first in Google Assistant and Photos, and it will come to other products. 

So how does it work? For example, if you run into something and you want to know what it is, say a flower, you can invoke Google Lens from your Assistant, point your phone at it, and we can tell you what flower it is. It's great for someone like me with allergies. Or if you've ever been at a friend's place and you've crawled under a desk just to get the username and password from a Wi-Fi router, you can point your phone at it and we can automatically do the hard work for you. Or if you're walking in a downtown street and you see a set of restaurants across from you, you can point your phone because we know where you are, and we have our knowledge graph. We know what you're looking at, and we can give you the right information in a meaningful way. 

As you can see, we are beginning to understand images and videos. All of Google was built because we started understanding text and webpages. So the fact that computers can understand images and videos has profound implications for our core mission. When we started working on search, we wanted to do it at scale. This is why we rethought our computational architecture, designed our data centers from the ground up, and put a lot of effort into them. Now that we are evolving for this machine learning and AI world, we are rethinking our computational architecture again. 

We are building what we think of as AI-first data centers. This is why last year we launched the Tensor Processing Units (TPUs). They are custom hardware for machine learning; they are about 15 to 30 times faster and 30 to 80 times more power efficient than CPUs and GPUs. At that time, we used TPUs across all our products. Every time you do a search, every time you speak to Google, in fact, TPUs powered AlphaGo in its historic match against Lee Sedol. 

As you know, machine learning has two components: training, which is how we build a neural network, and inference, which is what we do in real-time. So that when you show it a picture, we recognize whether it's a dog or a cat, and so on. Last year's TPU was optimized for inference. Training is computationally very intensive. To give you a sense, each one of our machine translation models takes training on over three billion words for a week on about 100 GPUs. 

So we've been working hard, and I'm really excited to announce our next generation of TPUs: Cloud TPUs, which are optimized for both training and inference. What you see behind me is one Cloud TPU board; it has four chips in it, and each board is capable of 180 trillion floating-point operations per second. We have designed it for our data center, so you can easily stack them. You can put 64 of these into one big supercomputer we call TPU pods, and each pod is capable of 11.5 petaFLOPS. 

This is an important advance in technical infrastructure for the AI era. The reason we named it Cloud TPU is that we are bringing it through the Google Cloud Platform. So Cloud GPUs are coming to Google Compute Engine as of today. We want Google Cloud to be the best cloud for machine learning, so we want to provide our customers with a wide range of hardware, including CPUs, GPUs, and now Cloud TPUs. This lays the foundation for significant progress.