>> Amit, I reckon that at the moment we want to start by talking about the latest that
you have and you know we've seen you raise another 135 crores via your QIP. What are
you going to use this fund raise for and what are the working capital requirements at the
moment and are there more such fund raises on the table?
>> So firstly thank you for inviting me on your show. It has always been a pleasure to
talk to you. What this QIP fund raise has been is as you are rightly, thank you for
showing the clip before this particular interview. The space programs are going to go in a much,
much different trajectory than what they are today. So and when it comes to space surveillance
and we've been listening to certain news that happened in the last couple of days prior,
the space programs, surveillance based programs and I need less tell you that power's defense
is right in the thick of it. So looking at the kind of opportunities that we have in
front of us, be it space programs, be it our RF and microwave domain or be it our contra
Para JV. Any one of these will require good amount of working capital. It assures you
good amount of healthy growth and I think all of this put together we wanted to be ready
for the opportunities that are in store for us.
>> Hi Amit MahaJan, joining in, you've mentioned about one of your associate companies
which is Control Para's Technologies Private Limited. In fact you also had an order win
from L&T which is about 305 crore. Want to understand from you? So talk to us about this
order win. What does this mean for the company? And also want to understand why was this award,
why didn't you bid directly for this award and why was it through an associate that we
are seeing this order win for the company?
>> Firstly I would like to tell you what the product is. The product is an electro-optic
infrared camera if I would call it in a simpler way. This is a technology which is very, very
critical in its own domain. India does not have this at the level that Control delivers
to the world. Control is one of the world's leading companies when it comes to these kind
of EOIR pods. And the reason for partnering with Control was to bring this technology to
our country. Now when we are saying this, a lot of components which go into these kind
of systems are manufactured by Para's themselves. Now by partnering with Control who was initially
our customer earlier now brings us to a level where most of the components which go inside
this particular camera will be manufactured within Para's and Para's will be able to
deliver more than 50% indigenous content in line with make in India for this particular
critical technology which is required for the Indian defense. Now this particular program
which LNT has won for CIWS, the camera will be a platform EOIR system and then subsequently
the same system can be deployed across various platforms.
All right well moving on Amit, we also want to understand considering your order flow
well we also understand that you have well given a rough guidance of around 25-30% in
terms of your top line growth over the next few years, over the next 2-3 years. Considering
your order flow, considering the many steps India is taking, I'm sure you also have a
lot of traction from your clients abroad as well. Have you considered upping your indication
of what you may achieve with respect to revenues over the next few years?
As you must be aware that I'm in a silent period, I cannot give you absolute figures
but yes you are right, our projections will turn out to be very conservative for this year
and the coming years as we can in research.
Okay Amit, that's fair that for now the guidance remains at the 30% mark that you've mentioned
but I want to also talk about the profitability. We've seen the margins, in fact if you take
Q1 in concentration, 28-29% was your margin, and you aim for better profitability going
forward. Want to understand what will lead to this kind of margins that you're looking
at forward and can we see this 28-29% as a new sustainable range going forward for FY25
and the new temperature as well?
The first answer to your last question is yes, it will be the new normal and better
from there. What is increasing and influencing our profits is our domain optics and optronic
systems is doing much, much better and has good visibility, good funnel and good opportunity
in not just in defense but like we discussed in space as well. This is a drastic influencer
when it comes to profitability, this is one. Secondly, the company is making a paradigm
shift from component manufacturer to a subsystem manufacturer and now to a complete system manufacturer.
So when we are doing complete systems, what we are doing is we are manufacturing a lot
of those components which are going inside our own systems manufactured in-house which
increases the profitability of the end product. So all of these put together, yes, we are
looking at a better profitable business in the coming future.
Amit, going forward as well, do you think that the mix of optics and optronics to defense
could change or do you think that the 70-30 mix could continue going forward?
So it is what you say chicken and egg story. The defense engineering gives us a much faster
turnaround time, it gives us reach into almost all the programs that are there in the defense
sector. But optics and optronic systems, what it does is it one takes us into tier one because
of say a submarine periscope and these kind of products. It also is our step into space.
So why power is defense and space is because we deliver optics and optical assemblies for
space applications. Now today, we are in the process of already delivering space bone cameras.
So you can see the surveillance requirements, the space surveillance requirements of the
country will largely be catered by us in collaboration with ISO. So you can imagine that the optics
and optronic systems will grow but defense engineering because of the opportunity size
that is there in front of us, they will grow as well. There will be slides to where optics
and optronic system may be about 55-60% and defense engineering might be about 40-45%.
So 55-60 is the mix that we are looking for the optics and optronic system. But now coming
to your order book, firstly, I want to understand what is the current updated order book value
that one should look at. If you take FY24 in account, that stood out roughly around 630
crores. So from there on, is it at a similar level and also in order of pipeline and opportunity
terms, where are we seeing more of these opportunities from in terms of choreographies also and in
terms of segments also, if you can break that down for us.
So like I mentioned, I won't be able to give you absolute figures but I think if you put
the math together, the order book has only been bettering from the last figures that
you have. The product mix, if I have to mention these will be optics and optronic systems largely
to cover about more than 50% and defense engineering will also cover about 45+ percent. In the segments
in the application areas, if you want to say that it is a mix of both land, space as well
as naval applications, we are looking at how we can improve our foothold in the avionics
sector, avionic as well as aerospace sector. And we would want to become one of the one
of those companies who would be putting UIR or camera systems on to UAVs and drones.
So that's the kind of growth we are looking at. Currently, all of this comes from our
existing segments of optics, operating systems and defense engineering.
Amit, that's fair to understand where you're looking at the order opportunities coming
in from. But you know, in your business vision, you've also mentioned that you aim to be
the number one anti-tone company of India and amongst the top five in the drone companies
in India, I want to understand, where do you currently stand at? What's your positioning
like? What's the kind of market share you hold and what is the growth like for the future
in this area that you're looking at?
Maybe I also wanted you to ask me this question. Yes, the anti-tone system is a very, very
critical and very complex technology segment. And Para is very proud that we are doing
very, very significant and very important work in this area. Today, if I have to say
there are segmentations, there are the first line of defense and second line of defense.
So first line of defense, there are all the big companies who are doing a lot of good
work in the anti-tone segment. The second line of defense is where Para is and Para
is doing substantial work starting from next month onwards. We will be rolling out products
which not only can be used by defense, but also all the security personnel and everybody
who has industrial security requirements can use products designed, developed and manufactured
in India by Para anti-tone. Now, the opportunity size with Para anti-tone is humongous and
we've kind of tagged the code by doing everything indigenous and controlling the cost. So we
can not just be ready for the world, but we also cost effective when it comes to solutions
being done for the armed forces. Now, this is on the anti-tone side. On the drone side,
yes, we have been very, very selective. The low-hanging fruits being agricultural drones,
we are there. Then we are looking at some drone opportunities other than other than that,
say, cargo drones and things like that. So we will be looking at drones very selective
way because this particular space has become very, very crowded. A lot of good companies
are also pitching in and we kind of want to be a differentiator. If we are into any particular
segment and hence, we would be selective when it comes to what kind of drone technologies
we would be.
Right, Okay. Well, Amit, we leave it at that. Thank you so much for joining us and taking us through
all that we've spoken about. It certainly has been another very insightful conversation.
