In fact, even I didn't know about the company.
So, these are like, you know, 1 to 100 type of companies.
they will run like anything and if they correct, then they can go to zero.
Hi guys, welcome to today's video. So, on today's video, I'm going to speak about Indian artificial
intelligence stocks. Now, most of my bits or AI driven bits are in the US. Now, this is something
that I had done earlier. I am already sitting on very good profits on those bits and those
companies were easy to identify because they were working on like, you know, mega trends,
mega themes. For example, there's a data library with this for artificial intelligence.
Now, many companies were working on that aspect. So, picking those stocks was much easier.
But I got a very interesting question from my community member and he asked me that,
hey, Akshat, okay, fine, you have picked like AI driven stocks in the US, but India will be with the
come over on AI. For a very long period of time, I avoided picking like Indian companies or Indian
AI driven stocks, but I'm warming up to the idea that, you know, India may be, but there is a
type of an AI work that will happen in India. So, on this video, I'm going to help you understand
what type of AI work will be done in India. Why is that such an important industry and how do you
analyze stocks on Indian AI? So, I'll pick a case study. I'll help you understand the entire
thematics around it. AI stocks are very complicated to understand. So, I'll try to simplify the tech
as much as possible. So, I'll try to make the language very easy to understand.
So, let us first and foremost understand that AI is not a rally value on AI? So, will AI be like a pump and dump? I mean, AI everyone
Seriously,
I don't know whether it will be pump and dump or it will not be pump and dump. It's a tech. It is
still one of the prominent techs, even Apple, iPhone 16, shall be launched. Us may be the entire
marketing was done around AI that it was an AI driven phone. Now, is it really like practically
being applied, not practically being applied? That's a separate matter of debate. But the
larger point here is that even Apple is playing that AI card. Similarly, if you check the newest
released by Meta, even that is playing the AI card. So therefore, AI as a technology is here to stay.
Some of the best AI stocks, if you want to do like broad ways of investing, they will be in the US.
But there are certain themes which will be aligned in India because of a very sensible thing called
as data security risk. For example, there's cyber security based AI companies.
You have a healthcare based AI companies. Now, these are very sensitive data sets. And if you
start inviting like American companies to do like AI work on these domains, then it could be a
problem. So therefore, these type of companies, if I'm able to figure out in India, these are the
type of companies I might be willing to put some money on. So let us understand. And there are
essentially six, seven key criteria that I will tell you in terms of analyzing any AI stock.
Whichever examples I'm using on this video, please use it as a case study. It's not as if that I
have built my position in these. I'm just using it as a reference point to tell you how to analyze
the stocks. So I guess I'm going to quote the stock, I then you can use this framework to analyze it.
So let me explain and the seven key concepts. I'll just explain. The first key concept is very
simple and it is called as the concept of innovation curve. So innovation curve come up with like
he basically this is how the innovation works. First, you will see that nothing is happening,
right? I mean, any new technology come, for example, internet in the 90s.
Which cast on either was hardly any application of internet in the 90s, right? And for close to a
decade, nothing major happened. Then suddenly so many new companies came in like Yahoo came in,
bunch of like streaming platforms, audio streaming, video streaming platform came in.
And there was a lot of innovation, right? Then again, there was like dullness, right? And then
again, there was like massive innovation. Then again, there will be dullness. So this is called
as S curve innovation. Okay. Now the thing is that whenever we hear these type of trendy things,
key EV, AI, AI, AI, AI, your generative AI, AI. So we get like very excited and whatever
companies we are getting our hands on, we end up purchasing them. Now, is that the right way
of investing? The short answer is no. Basically, your goal should be to wait it out. Look for the
fact that whether the technology is getting mature, are we actually using it and then build your
positions? That's what any smart investor would be doing, right? So first is the concept of S curve.
You should be very clear about this. Now, the second key concept is to understand the spectrum
of the AI. For example, just say meta, now it is doing different type of work. Google,
it is doing different type of work. If you're looking at Microsoft, it is doing different type
of work within the AI spectrum. Now, some of these spectrums might be mature. Some of these
spectrums might not be mature. For example, just a data library, generate curve nine. That's common
sensical that whichever company controls the data libraries, its AI model will be stronger,
right? Why? Because it will be able to create more sophisticated AI models based on that data
library. Now, this is a very clear first principles type of thinking that you can apply in order to
pick stocks. Now, in India, if you have to pick, the issue is that we are not working or the Indian
companies are not working on like big, big ideas, so to say. Here, we have to pick sensible sub
segments in India in the AI space, which will get evolved first. Okay, so this is the most important
learning that I will say that you have to pick the right spectrum of AI stocks to begin with.
However, we are trying to compete with Google. I don't think that, you know, that is a feasible
solution or that company will be able to progress much. It will be a much harder bit
compared to companies which are doing very niche work. So therefore, the second concept that you
need to understand the spectrum of AI is very, very critical. So let me start talking about a
company as a case study and tell you how you can figure out which spectrum is that particular
company working on. So for example, I have a company that is called as Blue Cloud Soft-Tech
Solution. If you look at it in a screen and look the data. You will not find a lot of data on this
company except for annual report. And in fact, any AI company that you pick in India right
now, it will be like a small player. For example, this company has a market cap of 3,500 crores.
So this is a small cap company, a small cap company, a nigh company, a working in some
innovative thing. So you'll not find like a lot of data around it. So what I've done is that I've
prepared a note for this company in case you guys want to research more, you can use that note to
get and gather more data. Please consider it as a data gathering exercise. And you can put the
stock on a radar, observe it for a while, and then you can figure out whether to invest, not invest,
all that stuff. So basically, if you go and Google about this company, read more information
about this company, there are certain data things that you will get. But the first critical data
point that you need to aggregate is give me a calm, peace career, right? For example, if you go
and learn more about Blue Cloud Soft-Tech Solutions, what you will notice is that Blue Cloud Soft-Tech
Solution is a leading IT solutions provider. And it used to
specialize on all these things. And now it has started to pivot to AI-based applications.
And within AI also, they are focusing on two areas. One is cyber security products. And second
is healthcare-based processes. In fact, Agarabisme or Tholasa, you know,
in-depth Jagie Paroguetra, Akkomilea, this company has launched an app, and it is called as true health
app. So basically what it does is that it does non-intrusive medical diagnostics using AI computer
vision technology. And it has already started making some money from this. So which is an
innovative thing that this company is doing. So just to help you understand that any AI stock
that you pick in India right now, basically what you need to do on that is that you need to
understand the spectrum of AI where it is working. For example, this particular company is working on
cyber security. Number two, it is working in the healthcare space using AI for diagnostics.
Then the third key point that you need to investigate about a company is, and again,
going back to the concept of S-curve, they go S-curve. That the
company has to burn a lot of money in order to prove that technology get to a scale, all that.
So these are like, you know, 1 to 100 type of companies. They do anything. If they not correct, then they would go to zero. So there is always this type of
a risk. So therefore it is important for you to check the current balance sheet of the company
and figure out whether the company can make money or does it have the history of making money or not,
right? So, for example, japayap dekoge, do you set a profitable company? Yes, it is a profitable
company. It is a small cap. It is not a big cap.
In fact, even I did not know about the company. So a student of mine messaged me,
can you investigate more about this company? So in that respect, I had picked it up. So from
this, you can see is that the company is making money. It is profitable and it is pivoting to the
right set of AI, which could gain traction in India. Now, why am I saying that something like
healthcare or cybersecurity can get traction in India, reason what simple f. For example,
cyber security is a work area where foreign intervention is typically not allowed, right?
So you have to, you need homegrown AI based companies. Similarly, when it comes to health
oriented data, now health is again a very critical data point for any country and you have to other
aggregation of data, right? So again, this need to be indigenized, indigenized come up with that,
okay, we want homegrown Indian companies to be in these critical sectors. So if a company is
working on these critical sectors, then automatically there is a little bit of advantage there.
But if you are competing on social media based AI, right, given application content,
creative and all that stuff by using AI, then honestly, like this is not a company that will
find any protection within India and those type of businesses might not be indigenized.
Now, the fourth thing that you need to analyze in terms of any company is the regulation risk.
For example, if it is a cyber security based AI company or it is working in critical segments
or critical sectors like healthcare, then the chances of regulation are high.
Now, this is a risk that we are taking in case you are considering investing in these type of
companies. So this is definitely a risk and you should be cognizant of it. But if we step back
and take a larger picture, then the entire AI space will be put under a certain policy
consideration and there will be a certain framework that will be generated and this framework also
needs to be constantly updated right now, okay? AI is evolving at such a fast pace that it is
very difficult to keep a track. But regulation is one area which we cannot be sure of,
But AI, but almost every single AI company out there will be regulated
and that is definitely a risk. But if we take a step back and consider, then almost every single
country on earth right now is understanding the power of AI and they want to promote AI.
So the chances are that healthier regulations will be built for AI and this is always a chance
that you have to take with tech companies. Then come point number five, which is the
concentration risk. For example, when we go to tech based companies like Microsoft, Amazon,
etc, you will quickly find out that they have diversified their geographical risk a lot. For
example, Pele, America say American customers, we should look at it. Then they came to China,
now they are selling a lot in India. So they have been able to diversify their risk
in terms of their customer base and also on top of that, their product line extension.
So of course, Sarshika, Karnan, and you have to look at the business model of the company.
Again, it's free note. This is just like data compilation that my team has done.
And I will show you two things. Number one thing is that if you look at the overall financials,
you will see that in the total income for the country, there seems to be no issues here per se.
But the second and more important point that I wanted to highlight that within the AI space,
they are looking at these type of proprietary products. And in products,
by the way, it's very important to go to Google. Because every company that is getting into the
AI space in India would have like a flagship product. So it's important for you to understand
how that app exactly works, how that product exactly works, what is the mode of that product.
So understanding that mode is very critical. So it's the app-mounted,
download, and these are the type of data assets that I was able to find.
Now the final point of analysis that you need to keep in mind is the mode analysis or the
competitive advantage of the company. Now the thing is that because AI is a very new area,
the company is the mode of the company. For example, you know, Amazon,
Meta, etc. But when it comes to small or mid-cap AI-based stocks in India,
they have no mode right now. They are trying to build their brand. They are trying to figure out
that product market fit. So as about massive motley decay, this is a chance that you are taking.
So in case you are investing in these type of companies or any AI stock right now in India,
almost all of them are at a nascent stage. They are experimenting with their product line.
What you need to do is that you need to look at all these four or five key points that I have spoken
about. Figure out industries where AI will find its product market fit in India. For example,
healthcare-based AI channeling and chances boss are right. Similarly, cyber security-based AI
channeling and chances boss are right. So these are good industries to pick or good subsegments to pick.
It may look at how good the product of a company is. Mix of all these points will give you the
eventual mode. And hopefully if you are able to create a basket of these type of four or five good
AI-based stock which are in the small cap, mid-cap category, then these will be the type of next
DCS or Infosys type of companies. So I hope that you found this short video to be insightful.
If you did, do press the like button and I'll see you soon.
