We now shift focus to quick heal. The stock has been a doubleer on a year to date basis
and has risen over 10% on a monthly basis as well. Now due to its various product launches,
however, it's under pressure today. We spoke to the chief executive officer Vishal Salvi
about the recent launch of anti fraud.ai. Listen into what he had to say.
Yeah, so this is a completely new category of product that we have launched after three
decades in the cyber security industry and having a very flagship product of antivirus,
which is for B2C. We have now launched antivirus related product, but this is basically into
anti fraud and it addresses the issue of the growing problem of frauds that are happening
because of grow rapid digitization. And it is the first time at least three decades that
we're creating a second category in our B2C product. So of course, we have great expectations
in terms of how this will be adopted. And given that it is something which is completely
new in the Indian market, we expect that we will add significant value in terms of protecting
customers from falling victims to the growing frauds.
Right, but can just talk to us about how this might add to your revenue top line, will it
take time or what quarters this schedule? It has already started in the sense that we
have already started dispatching the inventory to all our partners and resellers. And we
have had a global and India launch across each of the regions where there has been very good
participation from our partners to see the demand that can grow. So for all practical
purposes, it's already now launched and we'll start getting revenues recorded from this
quarter onwards.
Right, got that. Okay, let me move on to talking about the revenue mix. Your focus gradually
has been moving towards enterprise customers from the consumer based category. Like for
example, it was 20 to 18 effort 21 and in the recent quarter, it has been around 43 to
57%. So can you tell us more about how this enterprise business is looking out for you?
Is it more margin, a creative and why such a kind of shift and what are your future plans?
Quick kill has been, you know, pioneers in cyber security and antivirus for many years.
It has been stood the last three decades of innovation and changes which have happened
and we have, you know, we have a market position in terms of, you know, you know, all the products
that we have in B2C and it was natural that, you know, we pivot towards enterprise security
and because, you know, of course, there's a significant amount of growth and in, you
know, you know, in terms of the overall market that is growing as far as enterprise security
is concerned.
And also there are so many avenues to create value addition and different solutions which
are coming up in the market.
So quick kill has created enterprise grant called secure, right?
And in that we have, you know, different products sets, you know, in terms of protection, detection
and prevention and so we have a host of these solutions that we have introduced in the market
and we believe that's where the future growth will lie as far as the company is concerned.
So the investments have been happening for over the past seven or eight years and we
are now in the position where we are able to see the benefits of that growth which is
where you can see that, you know, 40% of our, you know, revenues are coming from enterprise
and it's growing on a global basis.
Right.
Okay.
So let me talk to you about the margins.
One doubt which I had is when you move to the B2B business, don't you think you're negotiating
power in terms of B2B business will go down because of the competition over there?
Yeah, I think, you know, the market is fairly large, it is growing, the problem related
to cybersecurity is only increasing because of the way in which we're adopting digital
cloud, AI, data and so many regulations coming in and expectations.
Obviously, organizations are facing a significant challenge and there are many organizations
who have adopted it and there are many more organizations who are yet to adopt it.
So I think the market is fairly large, there is still a untapped segment of customers who
have not yet adopted cybersecurity in a holistic manner and, you know, we are the only Indian
make in India story, right, where we argue well for Atmani Prabhara and make in India.
And so, you know, in from that point of view, there's a humus opportunity for a company like
us, who have been in the forefront of creating these solutions for many years.
And now, you know, really investing in various solutions for enterprise.
So we do believe that, you know, we have a huge amount of play as far as the market
is concerned.
And also, I think, you know, enterprise business has great margins, you know, and also there's
a lot of predictability and consistency in terms of collections and other things.
So, therefore, I think it's a business that we believe is going to help us to grow and
scale the company to a different level altogether.
Right.
So as you said, that enterprise business is more marginal creative.
So can you just maybe qualify it in terms of a number?
So we have not, you know, shared these details publicly.
And also, you know, right now, we are on silent period, so I won't be able to share much.
But having said that, you know, one of the things which I've definitely shared is that
we believe and we have seen and observed that the enterprise business gives us better collections,
better margins, and obviously, better scale.
So it's definitely an area where people double down.
We are investing significantly in innovation.
We are one of the largest malware labs in the country.
If not in the country, I think it's also in this region as well.
And we are doing a lot, you know, in terms of adding a new solution.
So we have already released Horizon 2 products and now we are in the process of releasing
Horizon 3, which is the new technologies and new solutions which are going to come in the
future for enterprises.
Right.
Okay, so what kind of mix do you see going forward for the enterprise and customer?
Do you see like 50/50 or even more from coming from the enterprise?
Well, definitely, it's going to be crossing 50 very soon, right?
At the rate at which we are growing, you know, we moved from 20/80 to already 40/60.
And so, you know, clearly if you look at the market, 95% to 5% is the split between enterprise
and the consumer globally.
So obviously, that's a potential that we have, you know, in terms of how we can grow and
start getting our share.
Of course, we are new to people to enterprise security and so, you know, we have a way to
grow in terms of how when we catch up there.
But you know, all the trends that we have seen in the last five or six quarters, as
far as the company is concerned, we are seeing the trajectory where every quarter we are
consistently growing our enterprise pile of business and that will continue to happen.
Why we continue to strengthen our P2C and consumer business and the fact that we are
now launching a new category of anti-fraud, which is very different from antivirus, is
a demonstration that we continue to also focus on our core, which is our consumer business.
Right.
Got that.
Very interesting part on how you want to scale up the enterprise business.
But let me talk to you about the Microsoft outage, which happened recently.
So, these kind of outages, which happen outside, do you look at it as an opportunity for you
to, you know, pitch your solution to the enterprise and the customer, or give me some kind of
color on how this can pose as an opportunity for you?
Yeah, I think one thing, which is the Microsoft CrowdStrike outage has highlighted is the widespread
importance of cybersecurity solutions in today's digital world, right?
And you can imagine that one product going down can cause such a big impact to the world
and the global markets.
So, obviously, it's a very important responsibility that every vendor does not just cybersecurity
vendor, but any vendor has in terms of making sure that the products are efficient and working
and do not create a denial of service to its customers.
Obviously, this incident gives us an example of the importance of how updates, the software
updates that you release on your endpoints are critically to be tested properly before
it is released to the market.
So, clearly, you know, this is one example of how something can go wrong and if the world
should know about it, it can happen to anyone.
So, we don't want to just say that, you know, and criticize it, but I think we can learn
from this.
At the same time, we are extremely proud and happy to say that, you know, Wichelen's history
has never faced such a challenge.
We obviously managed 9 million endpoints across the globe and we have never had a blue screen
of that kind of an issue for so many years.
And so, we have a very robust testing methodology and how we do it and we will continue to do
that.
Obviously, always look at opportunities to how we can, our products can add value to
our customers and we are seeing a strong uptake as far as that is concerned in the Indian context
right now for enterprise business and, you know, obviously, every situation creates an
opportunity for us and in this case, you know, our customers were happy that they never faced
this problem because they were using our software.
Right.
Got that.
First thing, of course, customers would now be more aware on how software is important,
software security is important.
But one last question because of crunch of time, Wichelen has done immensely well given
more than 150% return in last one year.
But I would want to know what are your modes that you are looking forward to in the near
term, at least for the next three to four quarters for our viewers?
Yeah, I think we have done, you know, since the time it's been now just about a year that
I've come on board as a CEO of Wichelen and some of the changes that we are doing is in
terms of, you know, strengthening our leadership.
So we've hired various leaders from different parts of the industry and we're happy that
we've been able to attract them and, you know, it is giving us a clear momentum in terms
of, you know, what help you want to obscure our strategy as far as the sales is concerned,
you know, we kind of re-energizing and reinventing our sales motion as far as enterprise sales
is concerned.
And so there's a significant amount of, you know, addition in not just in the senior but
mid-management level, you know, as far as our sales enterprise sales is concerned.
And the third is, I think, you know, we kind of committed to, you know, our product roadmap
and, you know, Wichelen has been at the center of innovation, we have nine patents across
cybersecurity, which, you know, not many people are aware of, and extremely proud of, you
know, Indian company having nine cybersecurity patents.
And so the foundation of our company is innovation and, you know, the malware lab that I talked
about having 100 plus researchers who are, they are looking at what's happening around
the world in threat landscapes.
So we're kind of looking at how deep we can go in terms of and how we can monetize some
of the knowledge that we have, which is very, very critical for today's world in terms of,
you know, disseminating that information and losing that information to protect our customers
and their, you know, infrastructure from attacks.
So that's really what we are doing in terms of, you know, making sure that we have a clear
roadmap of current, as well as future, and we are investing all our profits into that
innovation and R&D, we are going to invest significantly in sales and, you know, making
sure that we have a good leadership team to drive that and driving the talent density
of the organization.
So these are some of the very important pivots which are, and we are going so well so far,
you know, and we have a very long-term view in terms of how we want to grow the organization.
