Christopher, before we talk about wealth for good, I've got to ask you about how you're assessing this banking crisis that we're seeing in Europe and the U.S. here right now. Do you see any kind of bigger fallout from Credit Suisse, and are any kind of contingency measures in place? I think similar to all of you, we have been monitoring the situation closely. And back in Hong Kong, talk about CS or other incidents you mentioned, our exposure to those incidents are very limited in terms of both, for example, our crypto markets and also our banking system. They are very much robustly regulated, like, for example, if you look at the current capital adversity ratio for our banks, basically it's well exceeded 20 percent, way above the international level of 8 percent. So all these, I think, is something that is testimony to the robustness of financial regulation. But of course, with all these things developing, we are monitoring the situation like all of you. Christopher, we've seen perhaps some anecdotal talk of there being flows of money into Hong Kong. What are you seeing in terms of that as this banking crisis continues to affect the global banking system in terms of money coming in and out of Hong Kong? Generally speaking, if you look at the way that our capital markets, like the bank market works, I think they have been smoothly operating, and we see no issue so far. At the same time, I think back to the theme of today's interview, as you highlighted, basically it's about wealth for good. And that's exactly what we try to do, try to strengthen and also consolidate our role as a wealth management center by drawing more family offices here. Christopher, David here. So what is new about what the offering is right now? And I'll ask you directly, what is Hong Kong offering that Singapore cannot? If you look at the overall landscape of ultra-high net worth individuals, I think it's estimated over 20,000 of them are right here in Hong Kong, which is the largest size among all global cities. But we want to do more and consolidate more. And that's why in the coming Friday, we are going to provide a policy statement in terms of a whole array of measures that we will put forward to draw more family offices here. Because we see lots of synergies between what we do here and the needs of family offices. And specifically in terms of the policy statement, while I will not show all of the details, because all the details will be announced this Friday, I think there are a few key things. Number one is that we will have a tax concession, which is a full tax concession for single family offices. And the bar that we set right now is US$30 million. And for those single family offices who will invest in Hong Kong for that amount, subject to certain conditions, they will be given a full tax concession of 16.5%. That's number one. And number two, in terms of what will be new, as highlighted in the budget earlier, we will relaunch a capital investment engine scheme, i.e. for people who are putting money in the local asset market, excluding property. We allow them to come, reside, and develop here. And for the details, we are still working on those, and we will share more later on. But that said, I think these are the two things, among others, that will be showcased in the coming policy statement to be announced in the coming Friday Wealth for Good Summit. Right. And Christopher, I don't mean to steal thunder from Friday, because I know you're saving some of the good stuff for then. But since you mentioned something, I need to ask you then. The tax concession, that's one. Will you have a minimum amount that family offices will need to keep in Hong Kong as a way, I guess, to bolster the offering? Yeah. I think similar to other schemes in the world, we do have a minimum, as I highlighted. It's 30 million U.S. dollars. And you compare the amount with other schemes globally, I would say there's a fairly competitive level. And that said, I would say, in terms of family office wealth, when you talk about the next generation, they very often are not just talking about financial returns, they are looking for more broadly, like impact investments, like art, like charities. And that's why for the coming Wealth for Good Summit, it is actually a very broad range of subjects that we'll cover. And there will be four. One is tech, one is about green, one is about art, and there's one about philanthropy. So the reason that we named this summit Wealth for Good, there are two reasons. Number one, for good, as all of you know, in English means lasting. So for family wealth, different from other wealth, basically it's meant to be last, at the same time to be passed on from generation to another. That's why we put in Wealth for Good for that sense. And then other meaning for Wealth for Good is that it means for good causes. As I highlighted and said, now the next generation really are looking for returns beyond financial returns. Be it social returns or more broadly, charities, whatever. And that's why we put this as the overall theme of the summit and have under this theme the four topics I just highlighted. OK, Christopher, I want to get a sense, though, of, you know, you're trying to attract family offices into Hong Kong, but Hong Kong is suffering from certain image problems, such as the encroachment on its legal system, for one thing. It's something which people really, really respected. But also that comes with the national security law and the territory's proximity with China here as well. And the vagueness of that national security law, how are you going to navigate that and make it a sell? In fact, throughout the latter part of last year and early part of this year, I've been going to different places across the world in terms of having meetings with business and also financial people. I think one message is very clear that Hong Kong's financial system and also financial census strings are very obvious, that's number one. And number two, in terms of the rule of law issue you just mentioned, I think Hong Kong is one of the few jurisdictions in Asia where you can still sue the government and still win. And this is very much at the core of our rule of law. It was the case before and it's still the case now. And number three, in terms of the national security issue, I think we are no dissimilar from other jurisdictions where they also have similar provisions in terms of protecting national security. So, on that account, I think for national security, it actually provides the stability that we require to further our development. And you also mentioned about the proximity to mainland. I would say that that's an advantage because, after all, if you look at all the connect programs, for example, in the capital markets that we have, be it bond, be it equity, be it ETFs, be it like the bond connect and now the swap connect and going on the enhancement to wealth management connect, I think all these connectivities are playing to our advantage at the one country, two systems. And that's exactly the Hong Kong story that we continue to tell.