"When I was a young person, I began my career as an actress. Whenever my mother wasn’t free to drive me into Manhattan for auditions, I would take the train from suburban New Jersey and meet my father—who would have left his desk at the law office where he worked—and we would meet under the Upper Platform Arrivals and Departures sign in Penn Station. We would then get onto the subway together, and when we surfaced, he would ask me, “Which way is north?” I wasn’t very good at finding north at the beginning, but I auditioned a fair amount, and so my Dad kept asking, “Which way is north?” Over time, I got better at finding it. I was struck by that memory yesterday while boarding the plane to come here. Not just by how far my life has come since then, but by how meaningful that seemingly small lesson has been. When I was still a child, my father developed my sense of direction, and now, as an adult, I trust my ability to navigate space. My father helped give me the confidence to guide myself through the world.

In late March last year, 2016, I became a parent for the first time. I remember the indescribable—and as I understand, a pretty universal—experience of holding my week-old son and feeling my priorities change on a cellular level. I remember I experienced a shift in consciousness that gave me the ability to maintain my love of career and cherish something else, someone else, so much, much more. Like so many parents, I wondered how I was going to balance my work with my new role as a parent, and in that moment, I remember that the statistic for the U.S.’s policy on maternity leave flashed in my mind. American women are currently entitled to 12 weeks’ unpaid leave. American men are entitled to nothing. That information landed differently for me when, one week after my son’s birth, I could barely walk. That information landed differently when I was getting to know a human who was completely dependent on my husband and me for everything, when I was dependent on my husband for most things, when we were relearning everything we thought we knew about our family and relationship. It landed differently. Somehow, we and every American parent were expected to be “back to normal” in under three months. Without income. I remember thinking to myself, “If the practical reality of pregnancy is another mouth to feed in your home and America is a country where most people are living paycheck to paycheck, how does 12 weeks unpaid leave economically work?” The truth is, for too many people, it doesn’t. One in four American women go back to work two weeks after giving birth because they can’t afford to take any more time off than that. That’s 25 percent of American women. Equally disturbing, women who can afford to take the full 12 weeks often don’t because it will mean incurring a “motherhood penalty”—meaning they will be perceived as less dedicated to their job and will be passed over for promotions and other career advancement.

In my own household, my mother had to choose between a career and raising three children—a choice that left her unpaid and underappreciated as a homemaker—because there just wasn’t support for both paths. The memory of being in the city with my Dad is a particularly meaningful one since he was the sole breadwinner in our house, and my brothers and my time with him was always limited by how much he had to work. And we were an incredibly privileged family—our hardships were the stuff of other families’ dreams. The deeper into the issue of paid parental leave I go, the clearer I see the connection between persisting barriers to women’s full equality and empowerment, and the need to redefine and in some cases, destigmatize men’s role as caregivers. In other words, in order to liberate women, we need to liberate men. The