"I'm flying. Oscar Award winner Kate Winslet is a prolific actress and singer and has starred in numerous high-profile films, including Titanic, Finding Neverland, and the Divergent series. Outside of acting, Kate is a strong proponent of body acceptance and encourages women to take pride in their appearance. So if you've ever been put down or told that you're not good enough, first of all, ignore it and use that fuel to push you towards your dreams. She is working to teach young girls about self-love and the beauty of all body types. Hello, how amazing to be here!

So, I am Kate Winslet, born in Reading, Berkshire. I have two sisters and one brother. I have a mom and a dad. Our mom was just our mom, a great cook and storyteller, sometimes working in a local sandwich shop. My dad was a postman, a van driver, a tarmacking shoveler, a Christmas tree seller, and he did many other odd jobs along the way to make ends meet. He was also an actor. Yes, he was more out of work than in it, but he always loved it, and even though he rarely made any money from it, he still loved it. He was happy, and it made me want to be an actor too.

At school, I wasn't very good at math. I was okay at English, pretty rubbish at history, but the thing I loved—I loved—was drama. It was my passion. Yes, it was my passion. I was always auditioning for the school plays. I didn't really get very good parts, mind you, but I didn't mind. I didn't care. I would often get cast as the crocodile, or the scarecrow, or the fairy. I was even a dancing frog once, but it didn't matter. I still loved it. I loved acting. It didn't matter how big or small the parts were; I wanted to be great, and I was determined to keep learning.

So, I did my GCSEs. I did okay. Nothing in life comes for free, my dad would say. Do good work. I tried my best. I did good work. I got an A* for drama; it was the only A I got. I got my A—oh yeah! But what was I going to do now? How was I going to realize my dream of being on stage? I never even dared to think about being in films. 

So, first things first: I got a job at the same sandwich shop as my mom. That way, I could save enough money each week to pay for the train fares to London to go on auditions. I didn't get that many auditions back then, and it was tough. I never got the parts I tried so hard to get, and I was always comparing myself to others. You see, I'd been bullied at school. They called me "Blubber." They teased me for wanting to act, locked me in the cupboard, laughed at me. I wasn't the prettiest. I've always had big feet, and I was even told that I might be lucky in my acting if I was happy to settle for the fat girl parts. 

"Ever let go, never let go," they would say. "You're just not really what we're looking for, Kate." And so, I'd hear that a lot. These comments about how I looked started to crop up, and I'd never really dared to think about how I looked before. I was just kind of ordinary, nothing special. But this unkindness made me feel truly horrendous. I felt I wasn't enough; I wasn't good enough. I didn't look right, and all because I didn't fit into someone else's idea of perfect. I didn't have the perfect body, and I would rarely hear anything positive. So I started to feel uncomfortable in my own skin. It made it hard. I wanted to give up. Maybe I should rethink this acting thing, I said to myself. But it was my passion, and it made me happy, and surely nobody can take my happiness away. 

So I had to rise above it. I had to dig deep, be strong, because deep down, I wanted to play Sandy in Grease, and I wanted to be Annie, and I wanted to be Maria in West Side Story. I wanted to be in the world of my dreams, on stage. I was done with being told I looked wrong. I was done with being told I didn't fit that perfect mold. I wanted to be an actress, and nothing was going to stop me.

So what did I do? What did I do? I didn't lock myself away and give up on my dream. I fought back. I had to ignore the negative comments. I had to believe in myself. I had to choose to rise above it all, and I had to work hard. You have to be indestructible to do what you love and believe that you are worth it. Yes, believe that you are worth it. And sometimes, that's the hardest part. 

Wrong hair, big feet, wrong face, too ordinary, not right, don't fit. Next! And I was the W in the alphabet, so I came last. I was always stuck at the end of a queue, but I stayed focused until W was called out, and it was my turn. "Kate Winslet, are you ready?" The question is, are you ready for me? I would tell myself, "Come on, are you ready for me, world?" And so I kept working, I kept working, and I kept trying my best. And then one day, I was