All right, our first guest is one of the most famous actors
in the world.
He's nominated for a Golden Globe for his brilliant performance
in the Wolf of Wall Street.
Please welcome Leonardo DiCaprio.
First off, I got to say, I saw some of you guys dancing there,
and you guys are absolutely killing it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pretty awesome.
You-- even if you haven't seen the movie,
if you've seen the trailer, they show a little bit of him
dancing, you're a great dancer.
You actually, that little scene where you're dancing,
is you're a good dancer.
I used to be a pop locker when I was in elementary school.
Were you?
Yeah.
It's actually one of the reasons why
I didn't get an agent because I had dished,
and I had, like, a punk rock haircut.
And I dressed like a little street dancer,
and they rejected me.
Aww.
Yeah.
I disagree with that, because I met you.
I think you were, like, 16 years old,
and you had just done this boy's life, which was your first film,
really.
It was on Hollywood Boulevard, right?
Yes, we were at an after party at, like,
the Chinese theater or something.
And I'm telling you, you were so--
you told me-- I just was listening to you talk,
and I thought, you are so special and charming,
and then you told me you just finished that film,
and I had never seen you in anything,
but I just knew you were going to be somebody,
because you were so charming.
Then you did what's eating Gilbert Grape,
and he was amazing in that.
I claim stake on you.
I think I'm responsible for your career.
Well, I've always been a big fan of yours,
ever since I first met you, so thank you very much.
But really, you're-- I mean, and this performance in this movie
is-- I really want to say it's your best performance I've ever
seen, and you've done some great movies.
But in this movie, your performance is outstanding,
and you're nominated for Gold Globe, deserved.
You were there?
I hosted the Oscars in 2007, and you were there in the front row.
You were nominated for Blood Diamond.
I'm hosting again this year, and I pray
I'm looking out there and seeing you in the audience for this,
because you deserve to be there.
I'm very sweet.
Or just for me, anyway.
Right, right.
Yeah, even if you don't get nominated as a seat filler,
I just can't see you there.
I love those seat fillers.
Yeah, just be there.
Literally, as soon as you leave the bathroom,
somebody just scoots and goes, excuse me.
Yeah, they're just right there.
All dressed up here.
All right, so tell everybody-- this movie,
you produced it as well, right?
Yes.
So it took a long time to make it.
I was fascinated by this book.
I mean, Jordan Belfort looks at this as a cautionary tale.
He's sort of reflecting on his wild, debaucherous, hedonistic
days on Wall Street, where he was consumed by greed and excess.
But he was so candid and honest about it.
And I really wanted to put this up on screen,
because in a lot of ways, it felt like a reflection
of the time that we were living in.
I mean, really anything goes in this film.
It is absolutely wild.
And Martin Scorsese and I decided to really pull no punches
and really go for it.
But I can't believe that everything you see,
and when you see this film, first of all, it's so good.
And you and Jonah Hill are great together.
But the scene when you take qualudes, and I'm from New Orleans.
We said qualudes.
But I'm not kidding.
I know what they're called.
I'm from New Orleans.
So qualudes.
So when you take the qualudes, and you
have to make your way down the steps to the car,
it is genius how you do that.
And how many takes did you have to do?
God, we worked on that whole sequence for a week.
One of my favorite sequences in Goodfellas
is where Ray Liode is spinning, mixing in the marinara.
He's doing drugs.
He's got the helicopters circling around him.
His nanny wants to take her hat, and the cops are coming after him.
We wanted to do kind of a film within a film.
So we really worked really hard on this qualude sequence
where, essentially, Donnie has a botched money
deal who's played by Jonah Hill.
And to apologize for that, he gives me
these incredibly powerful qualudes.
I simultaneously find out that my house is being
bugged by the FBI, and I got to get back home to him
because he's on the phone with Switzerland,
and it turns into this sort of insane sequence.
And it was probably the most wild thing
I've ever done in my entire life.
Jonah Hill and I look at each other and said,
how are we allowed to do this?
How are we allowed to get paid to do this for a living?
It was just insane.
And just to take that much time to try
to crawl downstairs and to try to open a car door that opens up.
And for your foot to get caught on that door, everything--
I mean, that just was hilarious.
I appreciate that.
I mean, it all resulted in this insane sequence at the end
where Jonah decides to stuff ham into his mouth as well.
And he crashes into a plate glass table,
and we were doing the CPR sequence.
And the big challenge that day, we had to do 70 takes
because they couldn't get this ham to stick on my face.
And they had to put ky jelly.
And there was literally a guy there
behind this giant with a plastic spoon just flicking ham
on my face all day long as I'm doing this insane sequence.
But it was one of the most surreal things
I've ever done in my entire career.
Because, well, I know you're both friends anyway.
And there's a lot of improvisation in there.
So that must have been-- there must
be takes where you just couldn't make it through.
I mean, the whole film was like that.
And he is one of the greatest improvisational actors
I've ever gotten to work with.
He's a real genius and a good guy.
And he really came to me and said, look,
I know what this world is like.
I know what these people are.
There's no one that should play this role except for me.
And I immediately told Marty about that.
And he hired him on the spot.
It was fantastic.
His clothes, what he's wearing, his--
His giant white teeth.
Just teeth, everything.
It's great.
I really enjoyed the film.
And I really enjoyed both of your performances.
But I really think it's the best I've ever seen you be.
There's so many levels and layers of it.
It's just-- it's fun to watch.
We'll take a break.
And we'll talk about more with Leo after this.
That looks like he was just coming off of Dallas Buyers
Club because he was still really thin.
And you, in the last-- not year, you did three.
How many years did it take?
You did three films back to back.
I did two films back to back.
I did Gatsby, Django, unchained,
And then they went straighten to this.
Yeah.
Wow.
It was a great movie.
Thank you.
And one year-- no, not in one year.
It was about a year and a half.
Wow, that's amazing.
And you forget about Django and Shane, and Gatsby, and--
so how long have you been off now?
It's been about a year.
And I still don't-- I mean, this was such a--
this film took really everything out of me.
But you're good at relaxing and doing it.
Oh, I'm great.
Yeah.
Well, if you're just doing nothing and around,
you can come here every day at tonight.
Yeah, you can come by--
I just put a chair back there.
Hang there.
Yeah.
And just sort of stare at you, like--
Right.
I'll just put a chair right there, and you just sit there.
In a really creepy way, just like, I'll just be sitting up there.
Nothing's creepy about you looking at me.
That's fine.
So let's talk about-- we...
You had an amazing fundraiser, and you sold art
for your Environmental Foundation.
What is the name of it?
It's called LDF, and we kind of focus
on protecting endangered species and their ecosystems.
So coral reef systems, jungles that
are home to sort of top predators, sharks, tigers, things
like that.
I love that.
Yeah.
I love that you're doing that.
And you're protecting sharks.
I think when people are afraid of anything, whatever it is,
a person or an animal, when you don't understand it
and you're afraid of it, we feel like we must destroy it.
And sharks are amazing creatures.
Absolutely.
They're the top of the food chain.
90% of them have sort of been eliminated from the oceans.
But the truth is that these things have no voice.
And only 2% of philanthropy goes towards environmentalism,
which is microscopic compared to the benefits that it gives us.
So my whole goal with that auction
was to really try to isolate some of these places
and protect them for all time.
That's my goal.
And you have an encounter with a shark?
Yeah, a few, a few.
But didn't one get it--
weren't you in a cage or something?
You got in there?
You know, when I work with these NGOs,
these nonprofit organizations, you kind of go on the ground.
You see what's happening.
I did a whole excursion where I went to Nepal,
went on elephant back, and looked for tigers.
Of course, for four days, I was there
and see a single tiger.
They blend into the jungle.
And you have an elephant sort of go up on their hind legs.
And they react to a tiger being there.
But you can't actually see them.
And then I went to--
Wait, what happens when you're on an elephant
and it goes on its hind legs?
You hold on.
OK.
You hold on to your life.
Thank you.
Yes.
And then I went scuba diving looking for sharks.
And I had a huge fear of sharks.
And when I did Blood Diamond in 2006,
I actually got stuck in a cage with a great white, which was awesome.
How big was the great white?
It was a gigantic great white.
And--
What do you mean it was in--
It was in a cage, isn't it?
Yeah.
How did you survive that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Then you're making it up?
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
They actually said in 30 years, this has never happened.
But the tuna kind of got stuck on the top of the cage
and the great white leapt out and tried to bite it.
And it went into the cage with me.
And half of its body was in and out.
And I flattened down at the bottom.
And it was this far away.
And it chomped a few times.
But I survived it.
And the work that they're doing is great.
They're protecting sharks as well.
So I don't want to--
You don't need to go do that anymore?
I don't want to do that anymore.
But I don't want to discount their work
because they're doing great stuff.
But it was absolutely terrifying.
And then you also jumped out of a plane recently.
Oh, that was when I was 21.
Oh, OK.
And both of my shoots didn't open.
I have a knack for this kind of stuff.
Yeah.
So it was tandem.
You were with someone?
Yes, tandem.
OK, so you open one, shoot, and it doesn't open.
And then the second one didn't open.
And then there was no third.
What happens?
Finally, after the gentleman who was on my back shaking it
for a good minute while we're free falling towards Earth,
it finally started to pop open.
And we kind of landed in the nick of time.
What are your thoughts when that's happening?
That's shark.
When you feel the guy that's in control
trying to open the second shoot, I mean--
To tell you the truth, it's kind of the same thing
as getting into a fender bender.
It's like you just sit there and go, wow, this sucks.
I'm going to die, and there's really nothing
I can do about it.
No one gets in a fender bender and says, sucks, I'm going to die.
No, but it's the same emotional reaction.
No, you're just cool.
That's what it is.
You're just too cool.
I love you.
You know that.
You're doing great work in every area.
Your acting is fantastic.
And what you're doing for the environment, we appreciate.
And go to our website if you want to learn more about his
foundation.
You should get invested and get involved, if you can.
The Wolf of Wall Street is in theaters now.
Sara Bareilles is going to perform after this.
That's Leo DiCaprio.
Thank you, guys.
