Big outflows from CPFOA in 2025. Now I'm actually thinking out loud and this is not confirmed yet that in 2025 there will be outflows. This again also is not financial advice. I'm just providing thought leadership and I'm actually sharing with you my thoughts FOC. And I'm going to speak from the heart. Just in case you didn't know, recent news. From 2025 onwards, CPF Special Account will be closed once you reach the age of 55.
may still be employed after age of 55 and this definitely impacts you. So not only impacts you, it impacts everybody who is now above already the age of 55. They would see their special account closed and all monies from there will be moved to the ordinary account. Anyone from 2025 onwards above the age of 55 will only have three accounts. Ordinary account, earning 2.5% only, retirement account and MediSafe account. As mentioned in the previous video,
retirement account that one feeds the cpf life whereby you have no flexibility you pump the monies in it's good but that one pays you monthly amounts and the monies are locked up there so you got to be in good terms with that so in this previous sharing i've also shared that cpf shielding is gone already you can check the links above and from that video i actually like this comment a lot josh i know that you're trying to be neutral and you don't add fire to oil but i fail to see how anyone in Singapore
benefits from the abolishment of SA post-H55. Someone with $10,000, someone with $100,000 or $1 million SA, they all don't benefit, which is something that I agree and something you should be aware of also. Now, nobody benefits from this because we are end users and we're actually seeing an interest rate cut. Government benefits because the interest they'll pay out is less. 2.5% versus 4.08%. But again, this whole discussion is not about politics.
And we also often forget that government officials, they also have CPF, so they are also taking a cut. And government's role is actually to allocate resources across society fairly. So sometimes we win, sometimes we lose. So let's not dwell too much about political speculation and stuff. But some people actually mistake this closing of a special account as a punishment for shielding, which I also agree is pretty nonsensical. If government wanted to stop CPF shielding, simply disallow movement outside,
of SA which is also mentioned in this comment so again everybody has special account after HL55 especially if you're continuously working and we all are actually seeing this cut in terms of interest rates so in terms of feeling sorry let's keep it as there and move on to today's entire title why exactly do i foresee big outflows from CPF OA for anyone above the HL55 now if you're are financially savvy in today's world
2.5% guaranteed is peanuts, correct? But don't get me wrong Back in 2019, for example 2.5% is godsend Government guaranteed some more Back then, fat rates were 1% thereabouts And in future, maybe if fat rates start to drop again And global interest plunged back down to the 0-1% Then all this discussion is in moot But in today's world, we are in a high interest environment, correct? And we are very likely staying there for a long while so at
end users we are faced with this dilemma 2.5 percent guaranteed in cbfoa or we should move the monies out to find better interest let me ask you this question when gxs bank created a hype account at high interest rates and after they cut their offering what happened people moved up monies from the account correct savvy people are always looking out for better options and governments 2.5% In CPF
really doesn't make the cut because quite simply if you want to stay government-backed interest rates what about Singapore Savings Bonds SSB why not if you are above the age of 55 and you only have monies in your OA with 2.5% why not draw it out and pump it into Singapore Savings Bonds is liquid correct is government-backed correct you can still take it out almost any time correct why in the world would you keep 2.5% in OA then choose against this
bonds yes Singapore savings bonds has a cap 200,000 it's DIY also so it's not so you need to go online and buy and that's why I also understand that most people are lazy just extra 2.5% move here move there some who are savvy will do it some who are just lazy which I think most people are they will just not bother that's why I believe Singapore savings bonds is not likely going to be the biggest beneficiary of this
whole entire change who would it be you can take a guess let me share with you it's none other than banks correct banks let me show you some offers to tempt you if you are above the age of 55 let's simulate next year have some mental fun with it let me show you this by OCBC Premier Banking look at this if you park monies with us we give you base interest 1.5 percent and then if you you don't make withdrawals you continuously add in according to terms and conditions two thousand
month we will give you 3.7 percent interest 3.7 percent interest more than 2.5 percent interest correct what would the pitch be hey mister miss pump in big amounts here and then every month use two thousand from your cpf oa you draw out and you pump back in we'll meet the terms and conditions and you earn 3.7 percent and not just that every time when you come to our brunch i'll give you free coffee and i'll give you priority um
power redrawler from us cannot close eh I bet bankers would be selling this left right and center correct what about Citigo now I'm not representing any bank I'm just pulling up some examples that I hear from private clients because I don't bug money's in banks bankers don't call me I learned this from private clients that I work with how about this by Citigo hey mr. miss you pump your money stay a set up in CPF away you pump in I design a strategy for you you You're probably 250,000.
fresh funds, you today will get a $880 reward, etc. There are some other frills which I also don't understand. $880 ang pao from us, bird on hand. And if you got $500,000, you're a high income earner, you save a lot in CPF, you draw it out, $500,000, jam it in, I give you $1,750 as a fresh fund rewards. Don't need to do anything, fresh fund rewards just for trusting our bank. Fantastic, correct? and I'll teach you if you
spend and earn 1.5 percent you get it save and earn just move 3 000 per month again from your cpfoa we'll just design a strategy okay draw up pump in drop pump in you meet the terms and conditions total account interest rates three percent without doing any other things such as borrowing from us and investing with us if you don't like so easy to sell correct you see what will happen banks will suck out a lot of cpfoa funds simply by thinking of a creative and good pitch which actually
benefits the customer. So it's not right. There's something wrong with it. It's not. It's just a superior alternative. And banks will be the ones that's proactively pushing for this change, in my opinion, when I foresee what's going to happen in 2025. Again, that's not financial advice. Nothing is confirmed. But again, you see that there's a lot of logic. Your next question may be, hey Josh, I don't have so much CBFOA. Bankers won't call me like you. But hey, some of them will still call the retail
side correct and let me show you some potential offers from fixed deposits hey mr so-and-so miss so-and-so why not draw your cpf oa after age of 55 you park it with us i'll give you free unbow so you see over here many banks can provide 3.5 3.35 percent so many different kinds of offers that you can get rather than idling your money's in 2.5 cpf oa why
would anyone in the right frame of mind continue to kick 2.5% once they reach this phone call from a banker? Agree? Smash the like button as always because I'm sharing this thought leadership with you early so that you're well prepared when the time comes in 2025 and just in case you're young, you're not going to be reached there soon, you have parents, you have uncles, aunties, they are going to receive these pictures or face with this dilemma. So do share this video with them and as always smash your subscribe if you like quality content like this that helps you
finance a lot better. I'll also show you different things that I would do as a creator. Why not do a content that's fixed the ladder? If you have CPFOAs after age of 55, you can buy a lot of fixed deposits here and there. Buy this, buy that. Build a ladder that can get you different maturity periods and all getting above 2.5%. Very easy to do, correct? So the conclusion again is quite easily buy-buy to CBF OA once you're above the age of
and it begs my personal opinion that there will be likely outflows. I come from the financial services industry. I would like to urge insurers also to get their teams to work a lot harder. Insurers, if you can build a product next year in 2025 suited for those that are above the age of 55, and you can get me 2.5% guaranteed, some upside also from non-guaranteed returns because you have equity allocations in power funds,
are going up there's a lot of reasons to get a better offer I can guarantee you you can come with such a plan I can sell millions for you because again it's superior it's a no-brainer I'm helping people get more returns so do do something create power plants savings plans annuity plans retirement plans the market for
insurance plans nowadays are very dated they don't have a lot of flexibility in terms of redraw options and interest if you don't input enough flexibility to your redraw my selling pitch should be against CPF life which is coming from the retirement account and that one doesn't have flexibility but gives 4.08 percent so that is a hurdle to cross there needs to be flexibility but also to mention when you park money in RA the amounts you can't see already it's gonna be Monday cash flow.
can't surrender out. So get an insurance plan, you can surrender out with certain residual value. So I'd like to suggest this, if I can create an ideal product. Right now, I don't have the critical mess. Maybe one day in future, I could. I would design something like this. Hey, a 2.6% guaranteed interest. Don't be too much, do 2.6. Because just in case some customers have HDB mortgage loans to pay off at 2.6%. I'd like to create a product. It's 2.6% guaranteed. And a little bit
of just non-guaranteed upside good right better already and everything else is just upside third option for regular payout just in case someone wants a flexible income stream have that flexibility designed into that insurance plan fourth of course have flexibility in redrawer once someone locks up for five years they can fully withdraw or can take out 50 at any time these are certain good considerations to design a
product that is way superior that can help a Singaporean move their CPF OA monies out after age of 55 and get high returns outside. Hopefully all this makes sense. And I'd like to end things by answering this question. Hey Josh, everything makes sense what you mentioned, but why aren't people doing it right now? Let me answer that also. In current situation with OA and SA, I don't know if you know this, but if you are above the age of 55 and you want to redraw monies out,
you have to take it out from SA first. SA gives you 4.08%. Taking it out is painful. The hurdle rate is high. You're not going to find fixed deposits at 4.08%. That's why for anyone with shielding done properly, they will be thinking it's no point moving my SA out just to access my OA, or much rather buy OA fixed deposits or invest OA into T-bills. That's why the situation is still a little bit different. But now the new rule is
From 2025 onwards, SA will close, everything will be merged into OA for someone above the age of 55. By then, the opportunity cost is just 2.5%. No 4.08% barrier to block their decision-making. Just 2.5%. Do you want to stay or do you want to leave? The answer is pretty clear and that's why today's title. As always, if you enjoyed this, smash the like button and check out this first episode that I've done on why CPF shielding is dead already. Or if you've seen that, check out this previous video. If that was Alhamdulillah, I'm here and see you there. Take care as always.
Music
